Watch.
Chapter 1: Rights of one daughter inclaw
"In 1908 after the turkic freedom movement the country has manage the command second time and Usmani beharin, foundation money was used purchase the flights."
Shanghai's Marco Polo bridge's importance is also considered to be due to this war
Web server has such facility to make all this things.
Eire dong Fisher
"he was estranged with behavioral and linguistic with the Germans and Czechs. After a year over there, he returned in 1912 to Zurich University to become a full time professor."
Parliament has not allowed allied countries forces to use there land for movement but allowed to send there troops but after that Turkey and America was agreed at this point that America will not need this turkey offer
Nazbat
President Ghulam Ishaq Khan dissolved the government
"during this period kayasho, seashore, has a very big strong and it was defeated."
Got the vote of confidence with the help of Muslim League (N) and ANP
Madina (Islam's second holiest city)
When the captain announces his or team's innings completed or declared
because of not suitable living place the plan of education failed and under training officers came back in 1911
24 October-in damhadola due to America's drone attack 27 people were died in which most important people of terror groups were also there
Eid Milad-un-Nabi was celebrated in muslim world
mongol boss
18 February
India's anti-corruption watchdog criticised the lack of monitoring of construction contracts and the quality of building work
All the warring nations now commenced deliberations and for this purpose a conference was scheduled in the French city of Versailles
Pundit Jawaharlal Nehru
Einstein visited America in 1933 where Hitler took power in Germany.
He was born in German city Ulm on 14th March 1879.
Chapter 4: Inclusion as marriage
in the result every thing got down and every went into the very black shell
"Mark Twain, Emily Dixon and Walt White Main started showing everything in American way."
December 16
The bowling team's target is to out the ten players of batting team on minimum possible runs.
Jamia Masjid Bostan Zahra Peoples Colony
In 1939 the aggression from Hitler on Poland became the reason of the second World War.
"America won many Nobel prizes in Science, especially Physiology and Medicine"
"On the 2nd of April, the G20 nations held a conference on the economic downturn in which in order to tackle the economic downturn 1."
"These India's States of Andhra, bihar, jam mu Kashmir, uthirapradesh government languages."
it was think that this is true and words were known according to Owen king who has first time(206-221) has united china in the name of country
"July 17, 8 people died and around 50 injured in sucide attack in Indonasian city Jakarta"
"in the start Hazrat Khadija(RA), your cousin Hazrat Ali(RA),your close friend Hazrat Abu Bakar(RA) and your free to go slave and companion Hazrat Zayed Bin Sabit(RA) believed you."
Chinese traders used to visit the region of Kyushu.
"Its leader, Kyomuri, advanced towards Kyoto, and later on wedded his daughter with a prince of the royal family."
12 rebels had their homes torched and destroyed completely
Sunani style is prominent among the Ottoman buildings of the sixteenth century. It still exists in splendid form.
"If the ball hit the wicket with such power that the bails fall down, then the batsman is given out"
Ghalib and ali gar
every village will have same rights in their surface
"3%), United States Of America (13."
The proportion of annual rains is 400 mm.
"In that decade to compensate for war losses Japan agreed to give South Vietnam 39,000,000 Dollars from 1960 to five years of duration."
If we use the above information that computer two qualities can be defined in this way
His grand sson hazrath Yousuf (A.s) became the king of Egypt then he called 31 people of his family in which hazrath Yaqoob(A.s) was also there called to Egypt
on 28 June 1919 from free fine it got approval.
One who came from all the way and ball fast these are called fast bowlers
Scarification Of Armenia
Mujahideen has started war against them
"The Motorway (M3) which leaves Faisalabad from Sargodha road connects with the motorway (M2) joining Lahore and Islamabad, at Pandi Bhattiyan."
"For example there are different types of devices in the past, which was demanded but today there is no demand for such devices."
"Poet of East Illama Iqbal owns sensitive heart and mind, his poetry is alive poetry, which will always be beacon of light for Muslims."
References
Riyadh (Capital of Saudi Arabia)
According to this every new comer introduced its culture in American society.
"Besides, weather is also good for outdoor games."
we will say about only those who comes in the circle of galib and syed ahmad khan whose reference is passed from our eyes according to them
The plan reached there actual height because pilot kernel paul tebtiees there was an order that before reaching the target the height should be 21 thousand feet
2 % residents had relationship with other religion and 19% people are those who do not believe in the existence of God.
"Today, Republic of China has been expanded up to Taiwan whereas the People Republic of China has got the power to maintain the control of land of China."
It was known to be that one game similar to football used to play in china in 10 century.
"This included an Indian Prisoner of War, Changdi Ram, who said that on 12 November 1944, the Japenese army first slit the throat of a pilot of the allied forces, and then ate his organs"
For fight against terrorism starts at 8 October 2001 when under the leadership of america war started against Taliban to bring them out al qaida leadership and there organization
"Finally after much thinking, the Japanese forces decided to abort their mission and return on 12 december 1942. General Hajimay Sogiyama and Admiral Osami Nagano, told the emperor of this decision themselves"
"George Washington was a great American leader about who it is famously stated:""""First in war,first in peace,first in the hearts of his countrymen.'"
Famous of poet abul hasan forabi these also farabi.
Further See
Bangladesh's former Prime Minister Hasina Wajid was stopped from entering the country.
This watchtowers construction was completed towards the end of 1906 under the leadership of Ghulab Khan
"D Degree, for which Einstein submitted the research article in 1905."
Allama Inayat Ullah Mashraqi
the grandson of Prophet(P.b.u.h) was kept on starve and mercilessly martyred him and did not honor his body and head through character this is the worst example of Islamic history
4 February- rains and flood in indonesia
China is known as the sports power in Asia and the whole world.
Slowly slowly this Living pores cities started increasing and in that cities pores demand increase on each other and it was became permanent for different works
It has been written prominently on San Tamir Gate.
Questioning centers contained these types of things for all the prisoners so that they could be identified. Most of the marks were humiliating in nature or caused psychological and mental torture.
Hot temperature little varies in the year:In yami hot temperature is 30-26 degree centigrade ()86-79 degrees in French 73].
Category:Date of birth 1877
"In addition, the increase in international cooperation and mutual cooperation was also agreed upon."
Courts System.
from Kufa Ibne ziad has send the head of Imame Hussein and group of Ahle bait to Damishq
"According to census of 1998 46% of population were aged 15, 52 % aged between 15-64 and remaining 2% aged above 65."
Army
p.
"In forest region important rainy places are Smatra,West java,Climenton,Slavasiyees, and papva"
"To say that it exit it is shown bi symbol V ,SUN is also one type of main sequence star."
1500 injured.
"A group of  Japan's pilots performing suicidal missions known as  """" Kamikaze """" had counter-attacked on American navy present on the beach of the sea with 193 planes, in which six sea ships had sunk , seven heavily affected and other four were partly affected."
19th December
Till now its biggest group is Han.
"In the history of genocide no story of genocide has been presented on the basis of assumed stories and false thoughts, extremely baseless and archaic theory--Which were practiced in  a very organized manner irrespective of the consequences."
"The Usmani navy was the first navy which installed canons on the ships. In the war of Zankio in 1499, it was the first war in history when the canons on ships were used in a war"
"A number of industries existed here, where ammunition, ships, submarines, and other military equipment used to be manufactured."
Category: Personalities
"For the complete topic, Pakistani cities"
this killing of caste was in the minds of Nazi's who have implement it in (25-30)years
means: wealthy difficulties
"Rename any part provided with the title of """"conformation"""" or a title which is in conflict with the unmodified part."
before history
till them according to counting 6 lakhs were killed in Kiroshiai camps
"World countries have supported the Republic of China very much in 1949. However, the favoritism has got switched over to the People Republic of China now."
The both sir seyyad ahamad khan and Galib could make a proper friendship but they were living the same part of Delhi.
Rotation of the axis.
The englisthan has stayed in the last days in that the janah father in that bussiness. They were so much lost to there.
"Meeting was about the Middle East issues. However, Iraq, Iran and Syria were not invited to it."
Japanese Strategy was a little complicated because it was estimated through intelligence sources that because at present American navy was in position of USS interiors and USS Homty only.Because in a war waged one month back in Coral Sea naval fleet was sunk USS LAKES Yanton was sunk and USS  York town 
"Due to Greece's difficulties in fighting socialism and Soviet demands to construct military bases over two Turkish straits (Bosporus and Dardanelles), Turkey leaned towards USA and west."
the education of economics is divided in to 2 parts
The lack of natural resources and ever increasing population was becoming a cause of concern for Japan
Turk state history
Tokogawa Isaiyo established a strict rule
"To stop the Japanese army, China too sent 4500 army men"
YouTube specialty is Video-Sharing.
These blows not only reach south China and Taiwan but also reach the west beach of America.
since 1958
"Consider as Mother tongue the biggest language is chinese who spoke by 700 Million people , than second is English which many people use for secondary and for communication with this English speaking people size is more than 1 billion"
Zamra: Habaal Muheet Aalim
Military is a patriotic service to save the common people of the country.
maidaaq-e-madina
"On 7:50 AM according to the Japanese local time, Nagasaki city began to vibrate due to the sound of sirens."
"They also thought that government or any power shouldn't interfere in the economy, and economy could be brought under control in a better way through Monetary Policy as compared with Fiscal Policy."
"Of guns everywhere Mission tr ht Thar, aircraft and tuyun lice thunder and echo of voices were balls."
About 000 active duty employees are.
China one of world's old cultural areas which is present as one successful country it's cultural is 6000 years old
Former chief minister of Sindh Syed Abdullah Shah died.
Qazi askar was nominated by Sultan himself
he was against attacking America till then according to government decision attack on pearl Harbor was stopped
"Where there were many other reasons for the rising tumult in the country, the spread of nationalism ranked among the most important causes of decadence."
Category: International Economics
January
Its length and breadth is 130 ft. and height is 200 ft.
Yayuae race invaded en masse from the direction of Korea.
Hazrat Musab Bin Umair.
July
it is really glory to be an intent with as national lover
"Along with mangole these affected to Japan, Because it was nothing in return."
in 1908 it was started agricultural college and school which also is known by agricultural university of Faisalabad and it developed with the name of qalsa-e-college
"That is, her family tree met her husband Abdullah bin Abdul Mutalib through Abd Munaaf bin Kasi"
Then you will visit the sky to meet Allah ta allah.
"A war between Kyoto and Kamakura was fought in the year 1221, in which the Hojo army claimed an easy victory and took the royal court under the direct control of Bakofu."
13 September
Kalimantan
(2) mutba syed ul aqbar delhi
He destroyed china two times.
June
But after this failure the head of this organisation was arrested and organisation was dissolved.
"Due to their inexperience, Turkey had to suffer great losses to their fleet in the Balkan Wars of 1912 but in the second phase of 1913, they got many victories"
Shia is the national religion of Iran and Farsi is the national language.
More than 200 persons injured.
during Germany's three year conquer 22 lakh and 30 lakh were killed
"now the communist for the bossiness of coal, iron and steel"
2 May
"code language: is actually with every word and characters there is one code in computer which is called computer language, which identifies that which is seen"
When he established there new rules. At that he want a new sharp solders but he cant got like sons solders. In 1199 when he was died after there sons got the khitab from there relations.
clocktowercity.com
state Zanjan
Allied forces began their advance from the central and northern sides.
culture or Intellectuality
"Due to the success in the Perth campaign against Russia in 1712 and the following Pasarovic Agreement, the period between 1718 to 1730 AD remained peaceful."
qaibar paqtonaqwa
Baroda (North Central Arab city)
"from 1991 to till now almost 1000 quakes recorder here, and 17,600 people died according to government"
Geography
Faisalabad hockey stadium
the agitation of freedom was against of racism and under business policy
The enemies of China in those times were Hun and Tatar who were considered to be really powerful
recently this is that Ghalib have done the Journey of Rampur at the time of Yousuf Ali khan Ghalib stayed at rampur at the time 24 January 1840 to 14 march 1840 and between 14 march 23 march 1840 was there at the house of Syed Ahmed khan as a guest
"Bangladesh 10,650,000"
there are kadamat pasand
West Kalimantan (Kalimantan Pontianak -- (Barat
Every big city publish its own newspaper and two  National newspaper also publish there.
all the current dams were built during the rule of General Ayub
They declared political and economic system of the country as corrupted and they wanted to make a new change by brining State Socialism
quantity of members in house of representatives is 435 every one will be monitoring for two years
"Asper archeology survey people understand that this was the started in the time of saba kingdom, because that time saba kingdom was available in that area."
"Other than that they also sword,nezay and other traditional weapons"
"on 29[]30 September 1965 due to one try Indonesia's party aginst powers have found this from Tawazan war from the army whose leadership one biggest communist should be kept far"""""
to write it and teaching responsibility has been taken by one organization
In Britain every one got freedom to speak in public in day or night.
It decreed an end to the third Crusade.
Confucianism
The childres of the prophet.
Tourism.
"Both China and Japan adopted the new techniques and modern method, techniques of warfare, and armed struggle, thus both seemed moving towards development however, it was done for destruction."
"In 1997 to 1998 Indonesia killed Asia's, rich Begrains."
One day cricket was played as a first time on 1963 in England between local teams.
"77] was part of the Australian landmass, and consists of 600 indiviual plants [78]"
"In Europe, the situation was developing in such a manner that in the first few years of 1930, after the settling down of matters, country's started developing strong governments, in which Adolf Hitler was the leader"
History tells that Yahara also asked for suicide but Osho Jeema did not give the permission by saying that if even you don't survive then there will be no one to explain the facts of the war of Aukiyana.
Masjid Haram and Baitullah
"3,00000 Soldiers TNI."
"however in other areas, most people work, 95 hundred thousand workers, i.e. 44.3%, engineering"
Usman the first
"Very few Muslims live here, but mosques do exist here. The Kobe mosque is the oldest and most famous"
"This huge army went from Europe and captured the port of Aqah, even though Sultan Salahuddin had on his own completed all defense preparations"
on Wikipedia anyone can modify any leaaon
Idea about Badmuda.
Terrorists have damaged two pillars of Shrines of Imam Ali Taqi AS and Imam Hasan Askari AS in Samra Iraq
some times these benign is like that in spite of their prsence there is no effect on the work these sort of haleem is called beenign
The Japanese poetry Waka also started to be written in the language of tongue.
click the link 'edit page' and edit the page.
That was 9 August.
Most of the protests are done infront of civil conflicts state courts. Appeal is announced early in high court.
"According to estimates, for the organization of the Olympic games Tokyo spent nearly 3 billion us dollars"
23rd June.
Why Iqbal did not get Nobel prize
"7th July-Suicide attack on Indian embassy in Kabul, 41 people killed, several injured."
Category:Governor General of Pakistan
Contact roads were built between central and provincial capitals.
"For traveling of people , system is present in big cities like in New York  where one of the most busy subway system is present."
300 planes took place in this attack and after consecutive bombing for 2 days stopped the Japenese Naval ship from reaching Okinawa and drowned it
Pakistan is the centre for Kawaali.
"In 1971, despite Awami League's resounding success from East Pakistan, Yahya Khan preferred military operation in East Pakistan rather than transferring the power."
every where preparation of fight were started
Dybyn
"Interferance of Army, large areas capt by (Feudalism, Landlords and Chaudhries) interface in internal affairs of Pakistan and in this way they keep away a layman from education system. Key posts holder makes a Hippocratic education system(to make happy landlords and send out side the country to educate "
politics
He like hede yoshi used to have Soft corner in hearts for Christians. But Portugal and Spain  dealers used to go where Catholic Missionary told.
Japanese government ordered the General Headquarters to release all of the POWs of allied forces as well as arrested civilians.
Internet is a world ( machine or instrument) place or environment which is used for reading and writing.
In February 2002 the world financial fund has  passed a loan of further 9 billion dollars and promised to give further 5 billion dollar's loan during one years in few installments on the condition that in future Turkey will do its economical improvements under the light of their suggestions.
in correct meaning Links is only the name of operating system
the eldest son left for America when he grew up
In these changing times Russia whicle changing its strategy in year 1894 with France Franko.
so sultan putted his hands down
"To save the archaeological department people ,the act introduced by America is  very Old Act."
Mixed language has been used for the china
Nearby flows the river of Yamuna and beneath the chamber lies a vat.
For the result there is small level bagwat
"Jammia Masjid madni , Battala Colony"
"around hundred people killed due to hurricane and lightning in Deer,Pakistan."
Province Karmanshaa
If Japanese forces began resistance from colleagues south was moving his forces.
"During the 12th century, the fighting between these tribes turned into civil war when fighting began between Minamoto and Taira tribes over the hold of Kyoto and for central power."
Muhammad Shasham
There are many names who's services as the President of the country cannot be forgotten. Most famous amongst them would be the Koiraili Family
blog word becomes with blog which leans log or record and blog it self made with arabic language which means are log or book or record and keeping this record and log is called blog in english
zao government because of local lords fighting it became week
Both countries have fully co-operated with each other to fight against drugs.
mac arther kept away to bacteriological research founder and his staff too
.
Sports and recreation
The public were other than diplomatic host they were putting red cap.
"After defeat, the regional leaders of Setsoma and Josho devloped friendly relations with the western forces"
For the first came for playing two batsman are called openers
Runner up also dresses up same like the batsman.
Basically knowns letters.
In osmaniy whole time 131 Skaku aslam's are their.
"This internal violence to get a benefit America , Britain and Japan has send there Troops to viladiostook and trans Serbia railway took the possession of 100 of kilometer area"
This increasing issue became a war later on
Category: Early Para taxis contain four words
"The famous people whose reviews have been recorded in the end of the signs of poetry, have not written any reviews on Aain e Akbari but only the review of Maulana Sahbayi is printed at the end of Aain."
difference
14 august
education
Express highway exists to connect Faisalabad with Lahore through Shekhupura.
October 1991 Linux Ver 0
Chinese writing is being used by Chinese and Japenese and to a certain extent by Koreans and Vietnamese
He tried to establish himself as the ruler but before that could happen he died a natural death
Swine flu or Swine fever which can also be said cold.
April- 1 Pakistan Cricket Board imposed a five year ban on Shoaib Akhtar.
In our view this question definitely attracts attention.
"Many states stretched their boundaries towards the neighboring states, such as towards the interior of Mongolia, Manchuria, Xinjiang and Tibet."
"However a former Qing General, Yuan Shikai, who was considered unsuitable for the rebellion, sidelined Soon yaat and took over the presidency"
That see this safe.
in the period of osmani kigdom education was on its peak
And many Arab occupied areas of Turkey slipped from the hands of Sultan of Turkey.
the starting of Qan or Chan was started from one small group which was living in Shanazi area and starting of Hon caste chinese is from river Belu's east branch which is due to called China
Chapter 1: Articles of the book
Denmark
Rumours spread in the city that Hani got murdered
"In Pakistan a great number of Urdu newspaper are published which include Roznama Jang, Nawa e Waqt and Millat."
This dancing with the swords is part of an old Bedouin tradition.
common wealth australia is a state of sount half center which is consist on the world's smallest continent
Founding members from 1958
"Sicne the time when mainland China took over the country's affairs, and the democratic republic of China took over all areas which were under their political administration"
A staff officer of Japanese Air Force was ordered to survey in a plane and report the findings.
he has fought his light fight in 1590 beside the mountain of soldiers and conquered the fort of most powerful family of his times
"In 1894, Einstein was left behind in his school and in search of business, the Einstein family moved to Italy."
"Run out...When while making a run, a fielder dislodges the bails of the wicket with the ball while the batsman had not made his ground"
"Because China and Korea are also present around Japan, it is said that these two nations have had a big influence over the Japanese."
Turned Japan into a world power by changing the centuries old feudal system. Which became a successful example of modern development based upon a non-western culture.
present status
Panj Sher
In Turkey there is great degree of interest found for investing in the energy sector of Pakistan.
"Therefore, Japanese Foreign Minister, Shigenori Togo, emphasized Soviet Union to remain neutral in the matter of Japan."
While translating the unchanged title deeds permissionhas to be sought from the original proprietors.But you canget the work done by enclosing the original version of titledeeds while translating it.
According to BBC Saudi's prince Bandar Bin Sultan is involved in corruption
"On 25th of December Pakistan's air force attacked on homes of terrorists in Orakzai, in which 10 terrorists died."
June 8- Two Americans Reporters were given 12 years imprisonment by the North Korea Court for allegedly visit their country.
"However Lucy Davidash has estimated the number of deaths before the census of war was conducted, to be 5.934 million"
"Due to the recent earthquake activities the 2004 calamity of tsunami, 71 died in Southern Sumatra, and in Yogyakarta earthquake 167 died"
"Infiltrating large numbers of Jews in Palestine to create a Jewish state there was part of the above mentioned program, it also made displacing the Muslims from Palestine necessary."
The world found out 16 hours later that America had attacked Hiroshima
Suspension bridge means hanging bridge
"For example when a team made 280 runs in 50 overs and it's six players gets out, so then because of this it writes like this 280/6 (50 Over)."
"membership were canceled of yahoodi lawyers in Dresden, they were make out from the offices and beated"
Shrine Bab Noor Shah Wali sarkar. in between Tariqabad and Bus Stand
"In 2002, the Iranian Ministry of Foreign Affairs has announced that if any agreement between Israel and Palestine is truthfully made, then Iran will not disturb the peace between them."
"In place of the batsman, the runner also wears all the equipment worn by the batsman"
blog index.
"Has been from Indonesian history. Natural disasters, corruption, secession, along with challenges faced by a democratic system, and the time of rapid economic change."
"On getting this news, Ibn Ziyad surrounded the house"
To Abandon Salah Hudebi
All 8 markets of the city were made before the construction of the watchtower
Means her lineage combines with that of her husband Abdullah bin Abdul Mutalib and Abd Munaf bin Qasi.
6 May
Saarland
"By drenching in cold water, a medical experiment in Shikar dachao Tojia camp, under the supervision of Doctor Holins Holins (Left) and Doctor Rashid(Right)"
Early Life
"It also states that a person's adaptive equipment should be described functionally as something that assists a person, not as something that limits a person"
"For the solution of the conflict between Buddhism and Shintoism, the most influential Bhakso giogi was given the task of finding a solution for which he prayed at the Imatayrasonami for seven days in search for a solution"
25 September - America and its ally Britain and France threatened Iran to put sanction on it against its nuclear plant
"Chief of Intelligence general Kainbchi Ruyi hara,Minister,cooky hairona ,War minster Shishero atha giki,war commander haytharo kumra,war commander general ivana matha soyin and war commander haytho kitho"
June 28 - Hindor Supreme court had Expatriate president Sadar Manuel Zelya for the National Constitution deviation.
This was the second airstrike on Japenese land after the 1942 doltle strikes. This was the beginning of strategic bombardments on Japan.
blog's plural is blogs and which make the blog is called the  blogger.
There remaining life was lived in a poor way
"On the borders of Egypt, there is Libya on the west Sudan on south,North sea on east and Palestine on north east and Mediterranean sea on north."
This was the second big shock for Japan after Hiroshima.
Rinland False
this wicket is not written in anybody's name.
At the moment ayat allah ali khamenei is the supreme leader
"Sports are a source of national entertainment, and American football, baseball and basketball are especially liked at the high school level."
The Mongols returned after failing in their strategies and invasions during a period of 7 years.
"The ruler of Egypt and Alexandria, Mafoqas, gave a soft answer, sent presents for the Prophet and sent Prophet Maria when the Prophets son, Ibrahim was born"
like test and one day cricket twenty/20 cricket also started in England.
Ruling Party of Turkey (supporter of Islam) has requested country's parliament to conduct elections before time
"On the death of the 6th Imam, Jaffer Sadiq, it was divided into groups"
Internation cartoon exhibition
The Oong dynasty found by Manchu was present till 1911.
Current both institution are strong competitors of Google and there positions continues to change but now Google has proved in Internet world and no one seems to be a competitor in this field for the future to come
According to him because of this reason the class or status disparity will continue to increase and class would be become indispensable.
Atom Bomb is thrown on Nagasaki
Revolt (1566 to 1683).
In 1569 one businessman of north east has accepted Christianity with his 1500 servants and destroyed one temple of Buddhism and built church on it
Presidential Elections in France
"An example of this is the firewall on organizational level, in which the web data could be cached for all customers after being used by any one customer."
Niyaba's that one mail joint to another mail to work.
'Land of clean people' is the meaning of the name Pakistan which was suggested  by Chaudary Rehmat Ali Khan in 1933.
the incident of marganbawah was originally on the view only which foundation was the thinking of nazi's one yahudi power was about to govern on all the world and against that naazi were fighting a holy war
"Yazid, after getting Hussein head kept it before it and then with his sword kept it beside Quran and then proclaimed his own phrases which reflected his mindset, the translation of his words are"
"other side, the relation of bakofo was very low standard and there were no more co ordination"
This was an important step in American history and this resulted in the federal power increasing
"Kyomuri's opponents were brutally murdered and their properties seized. However, Minamoto flew towards the fertile land of Kanto situated to the west of modern day Tokyo."
google buy to that filed and put the name of Google earth.
but at that crucial stage a intelligent Francis general Glenine  came
"In 1990, Nawaz Sharif's IJI and allied parties came into power"
"16 February - Sucidie attack near army media center , 3 killed , 18 injured"
Ieyasu at last in 1612 by issuing one order has banned Christianity
Russain captivity Jihad
"There is another side of the personality of Hitler, from which very few peoples are aware of."
the means of shia
In 1971 civil war took lace in 1971 and also intervention of India.
In 1919 they got freedom by Britishers.
When attacker was reached at the stage when they only have to unpin the atomic bomb during this time a defence plan was found missing
"Hazrath Abdullah Bin Jaffer, with Omar Bin saad governor of mecca,s request letter meet imame Hussein and told him that believing the people of kufa's were not good Omar bin saad has made promise If he come back that he will resolve the matter between Him and Yazid and there will not be problem for him"
Snow in most of the area
"This was the military alliance which had a strong hold over Europe, Africa, East and South-East, and the Pacific."
5 ways of documentation
27th June
David Ricardo
The third was about the transfer of energy
"Germany United Nations, NATO and G"
Due to this reason America was in the list of super power
For industrial prosperity the inclusion of middle men is very important
"Clouds of some kind covered the city, neither someone could understand something nor see something."
All the 8 Bazars were completed or located before contager.
14 new banks are also opening after 2003 many of which are international
First world war was still going on during this in 1917 AD there was a revolution in Russia and civil war broke up
Foreign Affairs
"Examples include war against terrorism, sending political rivals and journalists to jail, control of press, changing religions and repressing freedom movements"
External Links
"on 15th november 1777, the 2nd Continental Conference accpted the Confederations Article in which it was written that """"The Stile of this Confederacy shall be the 'United States of America"
Savo kingdom became weaker due to continuous  wars.
Slavic
"During this travel a Christian name Bahria saw some traits in you, which pointed to a Prophet who was to come as per the ancient religious books"
Category : Physical problems
For own changes one personal owners notice to be included with others.
Prophet Muhammad was born in 570 in Rabi-ul-Awwal's sacred month 40 years before the prophet hood.
Linux operating system division made by different companies
History:
"For the first time Germany communism and trade unions have opposed Nazi-izm, as a result they have send to the concentration camps at first."
People
But his daughter said that they live in Japan and at the age of 67 they died because of throwt cancer
14 April-
Faisalabad  in terms of population of Pakistan is the third worst city
Prophet Mohammed was born in the sacred month Rabi Awwal (Arabic calender) in 570
Russian rejected this request
Turkey wants a bilateral trade with Pakistan to reach around 5 billion USD and in 2009 there was only 782 million dollar between both the countries which is very low according to there standards
"Europe Map , England is clear"
war was on and it was impossible to make them comple to surrender
"During and before Hun rule, Chun goa had 3 different meanings"
"Immediately after that, another settlement was done in Plymouth, Massachusetts, in 1620 AD."
the biggest linguistic group till now is hin.
This document can be copied for trading or non-trading purpose keeping mind that it should be properly copied and save.
Britain empire was an independent state till 1st May 1707 when Great Britain empire was started combining Askachistan.
Asoka period
"The Kufis who invited Hussain by writing him letters to Kufa,  according to a reference their population was 12,000 while other reference says it was 18,000, however, when the war situation came to him, these very men betrayed Hussain and didn’t support him and thus remained a mute spectator, Hussain th"
Secondly the other lands that were under seige of Muftohain and population were also assigned a tenth of a part.
seyyad Ahamad Khan written a book against aain akbary.
Indonesia was also affected by the first Asian financial crisis of 1997-98.
In this there is a pointer pointing towards and box to place quran pak
category: history of Islam
this was those generals who have sent message to pull down their weapons to Oshi Jema
Important subsidiary institutes
Russia didn't accept the demand
Badakhshan
"During this time when Japan was a victim of inter country wars, Europe had started"
14).
Frozen 1683 to 1827
"Greek, Roman and Arabic (Islamic) theories are usually considered to be the initial time period."
His few minister who were sent to different countries killed in 1219.
"As an excuse to this invasion, US government stated that Iraq possesses a huge cache of Weapons of Mass Destruction and is making efforts to get nuclear weapons."
The word marge ambua is not used for destruction of Jews.
The important service of this organization was the selling of the Earth Viewer named program.
Various Restriction on Newspapers and Television
The present president is Abdullah Gull who was elected in 28 August 2007.
Ascension.
In 1996 Taliban's leader Mullah Muhammad Omar captured Kabul.
"In the 2nd World War, America led the invention of the Atomic bomb and started the new atomic era"
The war began when japan requested the Soviet Union to remove its border forces from the weatern areas of the lake of Khasaan and from the mountains of the South of Pre Morbai
Thousands of women were raped and hundreds and thousands of people were killed.
August
"After few months, the end of empire was announced on 3rd March 1924 and declaring the Emperor  and his family as disliked personality, were sent in exile."
Education of Islam is basis for Saudi education system
"From January 1943 to the summers of 1944, the time when the allied forces established their footsteps in Normandy, is considered to be the central time of the World War 2"
Test match comprises of two innings for each team to be played for five days.
The few part of land was disappeared some part after separating goes to other universe and some part remain in the gravity of earth and this way moon came into being
Would assist in the activities dictated by the charter of United Nations.
"A soldier from Janissary, in the view of noted Portraitist Gentile Bellini ."
"charikar - 153,500"
"At the time of war, the Allied forces were discussing about how to distribute Japan in a way similar to Germany that was segregated at the time of its war."
They use to relay video game consoles too.
The German Sargon worked in Ashwests camp.
"there could be infrequent snowing at high mountain regions in winter, however there are no snowing at constant basis."
The Osmani Turks after entring into the Asian Kochak had built such an Empire which had laid the foundation and formed the biggest and the most powerful Empire in the World. The main role in this was played by powerful and their organisational skills of the Turks. As a result a Strong and wide Kingdom o
Plants&wildlife
"Rail plaza, D ground, Faisalabad."
The provinces are numbered in the Saudi map and their information is given in the information section
bad comments of Ghalib on Aina e Akbari in this Syed Ahmed khan have written one letter to Ghalib to see himself but during Hayat e javed (42 to 43)on this incident the speech of Moulana Hali witness the relation between Ghalib and Syed Ahmed khan will show this thing this thing was already there in tha
World War I
"Similarly, a computer could also jump back to any previous page of the program, and could repeat its execution from there. In computer language, this is known as the flow of work of any program, and due to this very characteristic, the computer can perform any scheduled task even without any kind of hum"
Latvia
Writers such as Banjo Peterson and Henry Lawson have taken influence from Australian
"For example, many inventions that were considered computers during their day, are no longer recognized as such."
It was the time that forty Intenet were required to explain one global TCP/IP network.
Iraq's Cities
"103 people died due to swine flu in Mexico till 26 April, while the number reached 150 on 29 April."
"There are two type of games in cricket on """"test"""" and other """"One Day"""""
Under soil stored water has put local population into many type of diseases for recent years
The Mongols lost and returned after 7 years of strategizing and fighting
Uranium
Now these foods have become an integral part of American diet
category: Muslim general
To its west are Jhang and toba Tek Singh districts
"According to George Webber in language Today: In the worlds top ten languages, Urdu and Hindi is ranked fouth after Chinese, English and Spanish"
Outside relation
In October 2004 Keyhole inc named organization has been bought.
Translation is called the another form of document.
Watching football and Olympics on TV is very famous.
"It should be remembered that due to these laws many intellects of these countries cannot freely express themselves and in the past many critics and intellects have also been punished which include the British David Erwing, who was given 3 years in prison by Austria only for airing his views"
"In spite of that, Jinnah was instrumental in the passing of the Child Marriages Restraint Act, the legitimization of the Muslim waqf (religious endowments) and was appointed to the Sandhurst committee, which helped establish the Indian Military Academy at Dehra Dun."
A lot of Opium further deteriorated the situation
"Kandhar - 450,300"
Prominent outlines
March 13 - Government deployed thousand of Police workers to stop long march in the country
Iqbal concern and thinking
nor birds saved in the sky nor human on the earth
Don't be scared of making a mistake because even that mistake can be rectified
[Deewan-e-Ghalib]
"Whereas Lucy David Oche estimated a number of approximately 59,34,000 Jewish casualties with the help of the census results before the war."
February
Hitler speeches - Video
category: free masna lateef
province of south qarasaan
porcelain
"Whereas according to the detailed research and statistics compiled by Cybil Milton - a notorious former historian of American Monumental Museum for Holocaust - at least 220,000 casualties occurred, and possibly this number is in the proximity of 500,000."
The Army Control Station struggled to get in touch with the Hiroshima base with no success.
18 April
"He came to know Maria, the daughter of the owner of the house in witch he lived"
between kabutar and kamakora business developed
Franklin Delano Roosevelt made a new plan in this regard after winning Presidential election in 1932 and that increased government involvement in the economy.
Najashi has approved the prophecy of Prophet(p.b.u.h) and said that we know about him fron Anjeel
Jewish said that hitler was responsible for killing of 6 million people this killing called Holocaust
Create graph if the last word is murkab gram normally from cardiogram and datagram from data
March 25 - American drown attack killed 7 people in southern waziristan
With the era of Suleman it is divided into 21 waliat and 250 into sanjakoon
"1st of January, Bulgaria and Romania are entered in European Union."
"Malaria, upset stomach, wet clothes and sticky body makes living there very difficult"
At 1945 daily they attained all the peoples together to tel about it.
NISAAT CINEMA
"Primarily, English is a Western Germanic language which comes to ancient English"
"Forth plane , betwwen the fight between hijackers and passenger crashed in Shanksool , Pennsylvania"
They were attacked in the morning and afternoon resulting in only three allied fighter jets being destroyed
now the option of edit were left then for this the word madoon were used and for editing Madoni and for editor madoon and in urdu the word Madeer was used
In the common German and Nazi's using the Endlosung der Judenfrage.
"Nowadays rail car start from different cities,Karachi,Lahore,Islamabad,Quetta,Peshawar and Multan"
Keep the warranty proclaims of any kind as they are.
Even though there were trade links with South China but due to Japanese sea embargo there were dangers in the open sea.
Food
"In other reforms reduction in tariffs; to make a better image of Ottoman Empire in foreign countries, and the permission of personal ownership and investments are included."
australian english came from britian
20 May.
....climbed to 46 degree centigrade.
"These was the destructive war of Human history in which 9000000 men died, and the same number was affected by poverty, hunger, Famine, Disease and with Genocide."
"After completing your FA you went to Lahore for your higher studies and passed your BA and MA exams from Government College Lahore. Here you had great teachers such as Professor Arnold, who left no stone unturned in guiding his pupil"
12 May - Pakistan membership in East Daulan retained
In this he told that
the basic his poetry was tassawuf and concepts of Islam
hearing this he changed his thinking
April 21 - Pakistan supreme court has remove BA restriction to participate in Election
"Before he left for England, at his mother's urging, he married his distant cousin – Emibai Jinnah, who was two years his junior."
"At the end of 1970 decade democratic china has there controlled area Taiwan , thailand , kahosiang and fujian and other area they are continued to provide wil"
In 1985 it was named as Faisalabad on the name of Royal of Saudi Arabia Shah Faisal bin Abdul Aziz Al Saud.
Muslims gained victory.
For example
1st March. 7 people were dead in a US drone attack in South Waziristan.
Province - Kurdistan
In January 1903 got married to Mileva
"In the history of America, a twist came by this victory which strengthen them together"
"American Music, clothing and lifestyle was started to be adopted."
period of Aslahaat:third period and this was started after period of Osman that's why this is not our matter in discussion
2 freedom fighters sons were killed.
Indonesia is the biggest economy in east south Asia and in G-20 it is one important member
"In Tokyo Olympics, USA was first with 36 gold medals, Soviet Union was second with 30 gold medals, while Japan received the third position with 16 gold medals."
"After the death of Hadeyi Yushi , Tokogawaa ayaso was the most powerful landloard"
Other
"Among the references to Sinai, the account of the city of Sinai exists."
Its raise is invisible.
a good fight was held & teir rules got ammended
He was very fond of boating
"To view articles about Turkey language, view Turkey language."
Politics
"some Indian institutes teach Urdu as their first language, their syllabus and examination ways are different."
Hun-dread and thousands soldiers of the German to part in the war.
This order cannot be used to change the context and this is  the condition of documents.
"The Netherlands tried to reestablish their rule, and an armed and diplomatic struggle ended in December 1949, when in the face of international pressure, the Dutch formally recognized Indonesian independence (with the exception of the Dutch territory of West New Guinea, which was incorporated into Indon"
and one aasian'a member east asia confress 46 [is] country with people democratic china in 1990 communist against in the period of sihaarto are the following contacts with purges
"The battle fiels is worst land and japan,America lostevery thing in that battle."
Law of Westminster of 1931 largely abolished the constitutional relationship between Australia and Britain when Australia accepted it in 1942.
now you cannot take his bait till judgment day
No body could get 50% votes.
"Modern languages are difficult to write , Maswoi standard kantuz is used as unconventional."
PHD
at the time of ware itahadie has make a plan at this type the marqbuz jarman has divided in itahdio like this same was done by the japan .
Nadir Khan gave him shelter and pardon by making Quran as Guarantor but later he got him killed when he returned to Kabul.
Tokugawa Ieyasu established the hard-line system.
Father was a business man but not  successful
Local fighter was on the high alert
His verdict was considered as final.
From here one road goes to Chenab Club
"In 1894 , his father left Ian Stine into a boarding school and went to Italy because of business reason"
Joint action of government and America against the Islamic organization of Somalia
"In order to develop local interest, this format was developed in 2003"
"Gradually, the population of single-celled organisms grew very large and the organisms became increasingly dependent on each other. The cells became function specific."
In the year 1538 the war and in 1560 war in rome osmania behri is prove of it.
Duration of afwaj is 20 years.
Therefore Christians also used Hussains revenge to their advantage
He took possession of two states of china hia and kun in 1214
net from the world web+ noshtah = noshtah web
"Sony developed very quickly in the field of modern electronics, and Sony earned widespread fame in Japan and the world by inventing the first pocket radio."
Hazrat Imam Musa Kazim
But the british did not do anything worthwile
I weighed Muhammad Ali Jinnah's views on the basis of anti-English feelings.
"The """"clear"""" copy of a document means a copy which is easily readable by the machine, has been presented in a style whose details are available to the public, which could be edited in a simple way by the generally available 'text editor (in the form of pictures consisting of image dots)', or by generic"
"Would avoid threatening any nation's autonomy or political freedom, or the use of power."
Qazi were two one European and Second is Asia.
And american country is running a government form 1020779 square miles which 28 % of the area
October 8 - A Nobel prize for literature is received by a German settled in Rome Mr. Hurta Moller.
Asia also got a special category in 1863 by Armenian National Constitution.
Faryab
"Even though the Ummayad's had established the rule in their family, till the time of Caliph Marwan Sanis time many people tried to overthrow their government."
the central part of ground is called pitch(wicket) which is used for batting and bowling.
it is told that the fire flame took the area under it almost 16 quad miles
"In 238, the Chinese traders started trading with the Yayuay people"
"If you publish the printed copies of document (or the copies in the media who usually are with covers and printed), who exceeds from 100, and the license of document demands """"cover text"""", you have to cover the copies from this, which describes in clean and clear way, means front cover text on front si"
Foreign affairs.
The reasons behind this spectacular growth of Internet are stated to be the lack of any kind of central monitoring and and the non-propriety of Internet protocols.
"In addition, they had to take care of the need of new urban constituencies exist in between them."
in start of Europe nawabdio in America many mufats has croule in which alaska also is there from 35000 years to 11000 years they are coroled
in people's Chinese control Main land.Hongkong and Macau but the control of democratic China is on Taiwan and on it's related areas
"Those people died because of the felling of Hoarding boards, Walls, Trees ,and electric wires."
In 1533 Usmani Aamir Al Bahar Saleh concored Somalian African territories with his smart attacking skills and exceeded his kingdom till Vaikunus.
"In 1999, Britain and Iran exchanged ambassadors"
Kalimantan
Indonesian history has been influenced by foreign powers drawn to its natural resources.
As a result there was civil war in Tai Peng which lasted from 1851 to 1862
In madras the goverment aranges the facility for stduentsFor learning.
the bowler bowls these much balls more in case of wide or no ball.
"In Hyderabad,India, 44 people have killed in two bomb blasts."
he has send last order on 19 June and under his leadership all units were praised and said that due to problem of food and other useful things they have to fight this situation according to their status where ever they are
Mosque was closed for unmentioned time
But this lead was less than Europe.
5 August - Iranian President Mahmud Ahmadi Najad takes the oath of presidency for the second time.
"Apart from this, the British also gave General Nadir Khan a force of 1000 men which was based from tribal areas of Wazirasthan area"
Balance of power was going in USA and Soviet Union's favor.
"At the same time, Kyosho's coast experienced a huge sea storm, which caused havoc to the soldiers and sailed away the boats and ships"
Abdul Rashid ghazi died near about seven p.m in the area of Lal mosque Islamabad by the military operations.
Its English substitute is called the World Wide Web
"During the same time period, Catholic powers under the leadership of Spain's Phillip II allied in order to damage the power of Ottoman Navy in the Mediterranean Sea."
"the 8 roads which connect in this spot of ghenta ghar, actually are 8 markets of city, for this reason this city called the city of 8 markets."
"These reforms, which were done in the name of modernization, were indeed attempts to curb the nation's religious identity."
"Pakistan's Chief Justice Iftekhar Chowdhury who wanted to address the bar association in Karachi, was not able to go out of the airport"
That books 20% of only sex in human relations.
Greek Cypriots voted against this plan and Turk Cypriots voted in its favor.
10th September.
Pakistan's first constitutions was established in 1956
Lives of poets of world
one is that which is in internal and second is that which came in to external
Other than this every street area must have more or less one private clinic
8 June - in north Korea one court ordered 12 years of poisoned to 2 American journalist due to enter in country illegally
preferences
Candidates for membership
Many language groups and mixed with near by groups and now there is no sign of them found.
"America had progressed in rocket , weapons, material science computer and other department during this time."
All the laws were related to Sheik of Islam and his status was like the Chief Justice of Abbasi Reign.
The Japanese plan was to establish a naval base in the captured ares of New Guinea and Solomon Islands in order to prevent any co-operation between Australia and America.
"Chinese philosophers, writers and poets were given much regards and they played important role in saving the culture of China and spreading of the culture."
governor general
"In the 7th century, the Arabs attacked and captured the Western subcontinent"
Now the important work started of HTML and CSS.
"During these frequent clashes, different army battalions gathered from both sides."
"19 February - Pakistan announce election results:National assembly:People Party 87,Muslim League N 67,Muslim League Q:38,Azad 27 and Mutihida Quami Movement got 20 seats"
and India and America are giving help to violence and terrorism in Pakistan village Baluchistan
Villages build in Europe which was recognized as Jewish death place before prison.
May
"In 1997, after elections, Nawaz Sharif's Muslim League (N)  and its allied party's again came into power"
A suicide attack on interior minister of Pakistan Aftab Sherpao
Topic: Languages
City
The important service of this institution is the reception of and promotion of such text advertisements (AdSense ) which the seller can show it on its website and can take the fees for that from Google.
3 %
In 1998 Britan and Iran relation developed such a way that Iran government Salmanrashdi need not kept his life.
"in pakistans area Dir, nearly 100 people killed by lightning and storms"
Category: Earth
Rapid development in Japanese industrial production
These were the first Olympics that were held in Asia.
"American has given so much impact 3 boards sports in which are surf boarding , Skating and snow boarding are included"
Against
"This agreement was signed by Germany's vice chancellor, Adolf Hitler, Italy's foreign minister Glazo Siyano and the Japanese ambassador, Saboro Karoso"
A free software is such that it can be used and studied and any amendment can be made in it without any restriction.
26 March
"same,America invented inter net and before it Aria net."
"Why Christians eat animals like goat , sheep ?"
Turkey (Official name: Turkiye Cumhuriyeti) is spread towards South Western island shaped Antoli and South Eastern Europe's Balkan areas
Though the propaganda of freedom of expression is done day and night in United Kingdom.
Fear of increase in sectarian violence in Iraq.
Behavior life
Some soldiers while disagreeing against this decision rebelled on the night of 14th and 15th August
"During this time in 1600, a ship named Velandri, anchored in the Japanese area of Kyosho"
"rawandin marg anbawah, commudin marg anbawah, is amended for the incidents of the killings and racism in rawanda(1994) in which compodians al qalir al hamar government was accuse, and the amend of marg anbawah of africa in that the business of slaves and for the killing in african places which is called"
"This language is formed by the inspiration of PERL,C and JavaScript languages."
Distribution of Area.
"Allies also knew that the Japanese army could once again advance towards the southern Pacific Ocean, therefore, south -"
china sent his army to  Korea to understand the Nicety of time
"The big population of Pakistan is living in America,Britain,Australia,Canada and east Vesta and these out living people's of Pakistan have effect Pakistan and International portrait of Pakistan"
in 1997 after elections again Muslim League(N) and its coalition parties under the leadership of Nawaz Sharif made the government
International Army tribunal for Northern
Secondary Storage ( Hard Disk )
Today several organisations are working in aravasi to change the daily life.
Saudi Chapathi is the main food.
The player who stands to face the bowler is called the striker
Umar BIn syeed As to keep his power was ready to attak
This wicket is not written in the books of anyone.
if you divide the apes on big circumstances then you have to complete the rule of 3 in the documents
In this three states are depend on one city in the state
"The participating carrier forces, however, also retired because of continuous heavy fighting."
Fred Loshter
(1st Edition) Basic Urdu
8 Markets
"Further proceedings took place for six months to conclude the cases, and 1,781 pages were prepared."
the recent bayan is that galib did the journey of waali in the period of rampur nawab yousuf ali khan 13 according to our knowledge in the periond of awab yousuf ali khan stayed and rampur period from 28 january 18 century to 14 march 18 century was in between period and he was between 14 march and 23 m
Mainly our strategy of impartiality
"Among the changes in the borders of the British Empire, this language also spread from Britain to the entire world  including America, Canada, Australia, New Zealand. And today this is the official language in many of the past new civilizations of America and Britain, which includes Pakistan, Ghana, Ind"
Murad Cheh Aram
Photos of president were burnt.
"October 630 there was form bataliya sham and it was fight any time, Muslim has formed bataliya and headed toward sham."
In this times Muslims were ordered to pray to the Kaba'h before this Muslims were used to keep their face in front of Bait Muqaddas which was religious place of Jewish.
"Faisalabad importance is the center , which divided Faisalabad into 8 different parts."
"like this word """"jalibeen"""" also 2 amendments """"web"""" and become with """"international"""" making and breaking"
"Before dying, Hitler made Carl Donter the President of germany and Joseph Goebelz, the Chancelor of Germany"
Bigger  are North State and Australian Capital.
Normally states and countries do the same thing but there laws are different
"On March 3, 1947 thanksgiving prayers were offered and sweeet were distributed after getting the news of principle decision of creation of Pakistan and inclusion of Lyallpur in Pakistan"
companions advised to stop the journey but to take the revenge of brother they continue the journey
small fighting with the villages to Capture more and more land were the main matter of fight.
manchoo has wing to become a king and after that public chineese government has take over.
On 31st January 1945 American army advanced towards Manila after landing on South Luzon.
Normally it is also called only United States but word America is also used for this country which is technically wrong as per experts opinion
parwan
"Opponents of Kiyomori were killed and their property was occupied because of Minamoto, which it at present Tokyo fertile land to escape Kanti"
it is known from the history that only in china crores of killed for to take command
"This was a period when Muslims ordered by God to perform their prays  to  Kabah direction,after this Muslims performed their pray to Bait-ul-Muqaddas direction which was also Jews Kabah."
no constitutional amendment be made by central government without the consent of states and provinces belong to Indian Federation.
Here wastanten called by malanga because he is the past writter of maligna
A south Korean Student opening fire in Virginia Tech university of America killed 32 persons and committed suicide there after.
Twenty people died
"The Saudi government's estimate is 2,217,949 km2 (856,355 sq mi)."
"According to a careful estimate, 70,000 had died due to the blast, heat and radiation. With the passage of time, the death toll rose to 100,000, and this number could reach 200,000 if the people who died due to cancer and after being sick for an extensive period of time are included."
"carmaya, jakarta, is on java, and biggest cities of the nation surabya, bandobag, medan and is after semarang 65]."
Israel
2 percent people belong to other religion and 19 percent people are those who didn't believe the existence of allah
There was called to accept Islam in this letter.
"Military inventions such as Crossbow, Grid Site, Foot Crossbow, Automatic Crossbow, Trebuchet, Poison Gas which was produced by burning dry 'Sarson' herbs, Tear Gas which was prepared by burning lime, helpful maps used in the wars, human-carrying kite, burning spears, rocket, ignitable gunpowder, bomb a"
India should not change the national constitution without the prior approval of the provinces and states
"This meaning is also styled as 'sexual liaison', 'intercourse', and 'bed-sharing'. However, as these words are considered to be comparatively excessive and vulgar, therefore, the term 'Jama'a' is chosen in medical and other related Wikipedia articles, which is also called 'sexual intercourse' in English"
Pakistan tourism
To observe Australia there is non controversial European captain William Johnson who seen camp park Ireland in 1606
"Demographics Indonesia Main articles: Indonesia, Languages of Indonesia, and Religion"
according to quotation Allah's prophet hazrath Yahiya(a.s) head was also cut like that
Some historians proclaim that the cultivation of rice began in China.
Foreign affairs and army
shenkanes which was started in 1964 has initial speed of 210 kilometer per hour which speed has reached to 581 kilometers per hour with the help of Magnetic system in 2003
"and 12000 are residential unit are also there in which there 60,000 power looms installed"
"sultan fought very well with the great force , with having very small force"
Geography
"17 Allys have been killed by the Iran security forces, who entered in Iran from the near borders of Iraq and turkey for the activities of sabusaaz"
earth sucks the fresh water of river and with the help of motors we sucks the water from ground from this naturally filtering system.
"May 18, Suicide attack in Mardan Cantonment, 13 people died including 4 army men"
Students of an Islamic party occupied the mosque for a short while.
"Japan had many wounds to its body by the wars of the Pacific Ocean, Philippines war, Okinawa war, air bombings by the allied forces and atmoic attack on Hiroshima"
"Ghazva Bani Mustaliq: 6th Hijri, Shaban (December 627"
23rd of March -
the means of Kaitlyn is the towards heaven
blog plural is blogs and blog creater is called blogger and there plural is bloggers
in the period of suleman azam the kingdom was divided in 21 vilayat and in 250 sanjaq
"Due to bad economic conditions, political instability grew and many politicians, including a Prime Minister, were assassinated."
His death has occurred during the third attack on China in 1227.
"Turkey consists of a multiparty system, which contains many important parties from right and left wings."
according to sex there are 8 types of positionings and in that tere are more 8 types in each
"However, Japanese government agreed with Chinese. On the other hand on July 7, 1937 at night time Japanese's army started firing without any announcement. Due to this action of Japanese's army local Chinese's forces were alert. Local forces thought might be Japanese are attacking on us."
He was appointed as the Foreign Minister in the first term and as the President in the second term
on 25th december 1979 Russian forces entered Kabul.
"Because Sweeney was already 30 minutes late from its schedule, therefore, it was decided to continue the journey without guardian plane."
Computer make momory and execution fastly.
"Whenever the Japanese members of Parliament or the Prime Minister have toured these areas, there have been raised voices from North and South Korea, Taiwan and other areas, that the people who have committed war crimes against these countries should not be welcomed"
Inventions
Cross bow
"Intellectual, authors and researchers are included in them."
"The children of Poland were forcefully separated from their parents and after proper check-up among them those kids who were ethnic German, were sent to Germany for bringing them up, where German families were given responsibility to bring them up"
He had become Germany's Chancellor or Head of State in 1933
Middle western areas are famous for there big industries detroits is famous for american motor cycles and chicago is most important because of trading and financial activities
nature disaster
After that every owner of Mehal called and asked them they are responsible for peace in there area
"In 2003, in Southeast Iran a severe earthquake has played its part."
"At the end of this government the tension raised between political and military constituencies, and the result of it that the military government came again in 1999."
Jinnah House situated in Mumbai
Japanese Non-aggression Pact.
25 October-two  suicide attacks take place in Iraq in which 155 people were died and more than 700 were injured
Pakistan's presidents
"In this government economic changes has started , australian dollar become independent in 1983 and temperamentally there financial system deregulated"
The following list showed up the real Urdu speaking people  number in small Arab states instead of South  states.
March 5
Ahmed Saum
January 1
The majority of new immigrants speaks two languages.
Apart from this Weak lines of hydrogen are also present.
In this time Korea was under the influence of China
Then after he was brought up by his Uncle.
Selection of Shayk-ul-Islam(Leader of Islamic Scholars) done for a life time.
Why were the followers of Buddhism murdered and their places of worship (temples) destroyed?
candidates of membership
Faizan Madina: Sosan Road Madina Town
Captain makes this decision according to weather and pitch.
In that time they started Shankansan train.
Sarpal
"January 23, 14 people died due to American drone attacks"
The Federal Act of Saving Environment and Protection of Biodiversity was approved in 1999 which works for the protection of endangered species.
the conditions are the following
Invitation from the people of Kufa.
Although Salah Hudaibi period was fixed for 10 years but it was nafz for only 2 years.
Means of transportation
28 April
Most o them live in the groups.
In 1902 Einstein father's died
Western Germany*
"After the final defeat of there coalition , Menamota at that time leader yoritomo has created a army head in the kamkora"
Those areas which are directly under the government they have its own law of taxes and there basis was the agreement which was made during winning the war
Only a wicket keeper can do a stumping
Mahmud II laid the basics of modern era in Turkey through 'Tanzeemat'(reforms) in 1839 AD.
he won many wars from betrayed
23 March
Murad the fifth was mentally unstable and was removed from this seat in a few months
29 Bokars under the leadership of Squadron commander Major Charles W Sweeney flew from the airport of Tainaan .
"If the war had picked up speed in Europe by the Allied forces, on the other hand the war between Japan and America had picked up on different fronts"
Saudi state during various eras
When Einstein was returning to Europe he came to know this that German police have attack his hut and try to search enemies evidence
From 1568 till 1600 is known as period of Azuchi-Momoyama.
September
senalo justice who is Chinese community they use language as per the communities already adopted.
Iran is still against the Israel enthusiastically.
"According to the Law for the Resuming of Civilian Duties, Jews were barred from buying medicine, law (justice) and arable land."
for example the nearest predecessor of Imam Abu Hanifah  were belong Afghanistan.The parent of Bo Ali Seena were migrated to Saudi Arabia .
First the Muslims were being defeated but later on it tunred to victory
Category: Countries
"He wore the 'Ahra'am' at Dhul Haleef, 20 kilometers away from Medina."
"This players makes 'runs' for the batsman, the batsman can only bat."
The Justice and Promotion party established its position by obtaining 42% of the votes in the local elections
"July 9-50 people killed during a  Drones Attack in the region   of South  Waziristan, meena mreky."
16 February - blasts in different cities of pakistan
India's culture many type of peoples live.
"The German armies, according to the Hitler's command fought with those Serb in a very revengeful way and with passion who were the ethnic inhabitants of here"
Cathe
she was very impressed by the prophet Muhammad's honesty and faithfulness and so proposed to him. the prophet accepted after consulting abu-talib
12 meter (22 yards) strip is made which is called as Pitch
April 21 -  The promise of B.A was removed by suprement court for election in Pakistan.
"During the journey, Navy captain William Parsons and his second Lieutenant, Morris Gipson made the required changes to the atim bomb and then took out the pin to get it completely ready"
Twenty-Four June.
The western battalion searching the rivel battalion and killing them.
"Admiral Fletcher, Commander of US Task Force 17, wanted to keep his forces invisible to the enemy, in order to perform a counter-attack as soon as they (Japanese) initiate their activities."
Only in Agricultural University there are more than 200 scientists.
and NeXTcube has given world's largest web server and used as world's first web browser
Hazrat Imam Muhamamd Baqir
To defend themselves against Hungary.
Following killing around five lac Jewish were killed during other ship was killed and most of them are in Germany
"in most part,Islam madha or present cultural and religion effects which is very important is Indonesia importantly Java with it's size 20[] first whites in 1512 in Indonesia,when Portugal traders in the leadership of Fransisco Serro,Mangi jaifal,through people and done Cubeb march in Maluku"
Jawad club and play land.
These members of the court are elected by General Assembly and Security council through independent poll for a period of nine years.
"In the beginning, he taught in the Oriental College Lahore after completing M.A, but he turned towards law as his full time profession."
"The period of emperor Motsohioto is called as the """"Period of Maijee"""" means the period of Liberalism."
"After this war, Muslim army took over the areas where Christians were in majority."
most important desire comes true any how
Actually Usmani and persian literature are similar to each other
Graphing is  the two user interface popular Linux
taher shah afridi is servent in national media and this lesson of japan http://gmkhawar.
"In his book Weaving The Web, he explains that he had repeatedly suggested that a marriage between the two technologies was possible to members of both technical communities, but when no one took up his invitation, he finally tackled the project himself. In the process, he developed a system of globally "
Internal Components
Diagram I: An exploded sample to explain the internal components of the computer.
this committee consist on 5 permanent members
"If any approved connection is following in the transcript, it will become relevant to make the changes in important (i.e. Part No.4) and, as per annexed conditions, uphold the address (Part No.1)."
11 January
"In 1617, Usmani army captured Madir and August 1625 raided parts of Britain which were Sussex, Plymouth, devon, Artles Point and Cornwall."
Chinas traditions are an amalgamation of Confuscionism and old thoughts
"In 1989, the European Comission decided to decline with request, saying that Turkey needed more political and social reforms"
jawad club and play land
In order to make one day internationals best many changes have been introduced recently.
Two car bomb blasts in the Algerian capital Algiers.
According to the match situation captain can change the batting order
"economics views has contacts with views not as per the time , like classic economics view was before 200 years also and today if some one has the same view then it is called classic economics expert"
India has union states which bases is Federal
The weekly holiday in Saudia is on Friday
After the Second World War the Japanese electronic products continued their progress and productivity and standard both rose.
"For the people who speak Pashto, most live in areas which are near the Pakistani border"
Airport
"this in Indian states of Andhra Pradesh, Bihar, Jamu and Kashmir, Utter Pradesh and capital Delhi"
Sky : Those countries where English is the main Language but not spoken
At that time his questions and answers will in only kings mahal. Comparing to the solders.
April 11 - Dost muhammad thosa elected Chief minister of Punjab
Jakarta is Indonesia's capital and the largest commercial center.
Category:Continent
"The position it had with the hard work of its drivers and enthusiasm, it didn't came down but only goes up."
countries where Urdu speakers live in large numbers:
"If we make a round of super markets and business centers of Muslim countries then there are many things can been seen on which """"Muslim"""" is been stamped."
Category: Sindhi Personalities
National Flag - For original subject please visit
Another umpire called the third umpire is locaed off the field.
January first
they hall were happy and educated people
arab people who were good in poetry tried to make impression on huzur personality because unless huzur does not appear as good people will not as they leave life and wealth for huzur
During the German rule of 3 years 22 hundred thousand people (24% of the total population) was killed
"Einstein was returning to Europe, He got to know in naval ship he German police raid at his house for  Enemy country search content."
"America did not believe that Japan would show such courage to attack its land, but Japan attacked Pearl Harbour on 7th December 1941 and proved all such assumptions as incorrect"
10th January.
Mrs. Sarojini Nido
"However, the forests of the smaller, and more densely populated Java, have largely been removed for human habitation and agriculture."
India's administrative power cabinet minister.
After becoming famous first world cup was held in 1975 which is played every four years
Twenty-Six June.
whose names are given as under
Caliper that is used for measurement.
""""" Modified version """" of the document means any job which belongs to the related document or its part, either it is copied word to word or with modifications and/or translated in any other language."
In 1914 after going to Berlin there relation disturbed
Ushamani Architecture is nothing sanan basha who on his basis given a very good architecture.
"New york city is country economic , publishing , telecommunication and publication center but los angeles has became famous for television and films"
British were badly effected for years
At the other end aircrafts from Japanese fleet hario attacked yorick town and did a lot of damage due to which it became useless.
after that afghanistan became a proper country
Both side of pitch it is imaginary circle of 15 yards which is called closed in field or inside circle
"the national transport system is like backbone in which a big majority of travelers, vehicles, and full trucks goes"
the old chin which is historically part of china
In the separate content this can be connected by the 6 logs.
More than 25% of the Kingdom's budget is given to the educational sector.
"Improvement was seen as the time went one. To visit the Yasikoni is considered important necessary, because it became one of State Shinto's principal shrines, as well as the primary national shrine for commemorating Japan's war dead. One of the central controversies of the shrine is the personal visits "
"When the Japenese saw this plane at 10.53 AM, they thought it was a spy plane"
If you are copying 100 copies then you had to copy the machine.
Anybody can make an amendment in Wikipedia but there are some other benefits of signing up with it.
The starting of military weapons among Ottomans took place in the period of Saleem the third (1807 AD - 1807 AD) who took important steps to modernize the armies on European lines
"When he was getting enormous help from the Soviet Union, there was little help from the US to the South Korean side."
"Even after pulling troops out of Afghanistan, Russia kept on supporting the regime of Najibullah Khan. But on 18th April, 1992, a group of Mujaheddin led by General Abdul Rasheed Dostam and Ahmad Shah Masud captured Kabul, and declared Afghanistan an Islamic Republic."
War malazkar winning romeo's at saljokioon decide the future and Turkey most of the area damiskh went to baladak islami
"America has a great impact on world economy, politics and armies therefore its foreign policy is a favorite topic of discussion for debates"
64 people killed
27 February
Most o them live in the groups.
"The last rule of the Usmani empire, Muhammad Shamim arrived in 1922"
Topic: Culture
America leaded the invention of atom bomb and establish  new basis of atom time in second world war.
"maslis barmoda, name of a place located on ocean"
Since Ushmani kingdom has accepted the countries management and there was Imperial management.
"However, after that on late 1944 American planes have started the air attacks from Mariana Islands."
After Hazrath Imame Husein's deposition the family of Prophet(p.b.u.h) have taken to Ibne Ziad in Kufa
"In One Day match, if the match is affected by bad weather or not completed by any reason, then it is called in English 'No Result'."
"Battle of Khaibar: On Muharram 7H., (May 628), war broke out between the Muslims and the Jews in which the Muslims gained victory."
Leaders of Soviet Union
"In which usage of colored costumes, which include white colored ball, night match, and power play"
26 October - In Afghanistan 14 American soldiers killed when a American helicopter crashes
This terminology was used for this state during the time of  spring and autumn which is west Zao's government plans and it is in Joyablo robor valley
"Besides this there are 12,000 household indurtries as well in which 60,000 power looms have been installed"
Many loyal of Tokogawa ran away and Shogan was expelled.
Here The great leader of Ikhwanul Muslimoon Imam Hasan Al Bana Shaheed met him and gave him a copy of Quraan which is still present in the museum situated near the tomb of Qaed(The leader Mr. Jinnah
"One year later in 1882, the trial alliance came into existence in which Germany and Austria"
count of population is done in every ten years
The Japanese army had also developed the Kaitan torpedo for attacking the allied ships
"But even then, the parliament committee called these accusations correct according to themselves. The reason for this was that Tony Blair's word was more trustworthy than that of Gallway's"
Already merged communication sources TCP/IP and they become popular very fast
lagar
The civilization of Pakistan is very ancient and colorful.
LOTHO GRAPH PRES DELHI
These all are belong Hazrat esa and roman Catholic and protestant
"In the 1970, Peoples Democratic China started paying attention to areas under its rule, which included Taiwan, Taipei, Kavaseonng, and the far flung islands of Fiojan"
"After the fall of Imam Hussein, Shimr ibn Dhiljawshan went towards him. Upon seeing his face, Imam said: """"My grandfather, the Messenger of God, had told me that I would see a dappled dog which would color its hands with the blood of my family members""""."
"These ads were shown at those places to the users where they used to search the term, the feature of those ads was that they consisted of words and did not leave any adverse effect on the health of the user."
"As the military inventions cross plant and grid site, cross plant automatic cross plant, stirrup,manjaneeq,poisonous gas that is formed by the burning of dry mustard, releif maps used in the wars,Human bearer kite,The fire Spearhead ,rocket ,burning pollutants,bomb and iron machine gun"
Areas language are also affected by Urdu language.
"Later on when danger began to smelled from Buddhism, Christians' attitude also changed."
Many places in Quran this word has come like in surah qasas of 15 chapter The mousa is called and other places Ibrahim is called shiya.
"Amongst them were 14 law experts,13 judges,11 traders,12 agriculturists and owners of forests,one priest and three doctors."
Hazrath Muhammad(p.b.u.h) bin Abdullah bin Abdul Mutallib bin Hashim bin Abdul Munaf father died six months before his birthand when he was he was 6 years old then his mother hazrath Amena(R.A) pass away
Due to which the percentage of deaths in Poland rose to 18% from 13%.
9 May - 6 people have died in South Waziristan in an American drone attack.
hotel
More than 100 shia visitors martyred in a suicide attack in Iraq.
"At that period, Mercenaries were very must in need in Japan. So, upon immediately bringing them for work, Hideyoshi had dispatched them to Korea, with mind of gaining victory over Korea, China and even India and Philippines."
But Allama Iqbal had died before Pakistans independence on 21st April 1938 (20 Safar 1357)
Remember that before Taliban India had quite involvement in Afghanistan.
by external structure the parts which is present in this enumrative they can be divided in to two groups
"The Japanese laid the blame for this subversive activity on China. Some people feel that the Japanese themselves planned the explosion to create an excuse for their military activity against Manchuria, in order to gain greater resources for their economy, more space for resettlement of Japanese people, "
"links, windows, or as/z implementation system"
"chinaab club, Faisalabad"
jamia-e-darul uloom : fawara chowk people colony
"Because of the unnecessary involvement of the army in the interior matters of Pakistan; The selfish and psychological nature of the occupants of vast acreage (Landlords, feudal lords etc.)  from keeping a common man deprived of education (so that unemployed and labor camps are kept alive); Making of a d"
"Justice and Development party political purpose list Iraq , Kurdistan , European alliance membership , issue of kabraz and economy are the main points"
Jerusalem again after the 91-year occupation of Muslims come from all Palestinian Christian government was abolished.
from 1830 to 1880 4 crore American Muslims were killed for meat and other non veg dishes and expansion of railway
"On his way, the famous poet Farzooq had met Imam Hussein and requested him"
There some Negro Christians had observed him and started asking him question till they realized that the signs of Prophet-hood found in the child. Later they told they wanted to take the child to their own place.
Ahle tashi believe that after Prophet(p.b.u.h)only hazrath ali was his khalifa
Management distribution
But there was a definite goal ahead of these revolutionary leaders.
"All animals are motile,[8] if only at certain life stages. In most animals, embryos pass through a blastula stage, which is a characteristic exclusive to animals."
New century.
"16 January - Attack by 400 paramilitary forces in South Waziristan, capture of Sura Rogha, 8 people killed, 20 unknown, and 50 attackers killed"
Only One small dispute and all the work is carried out ]smoothly and Nabni Akram as angel entered in to the Mecca.
Up to end of 16th century.
In afternoon imam hussain`s people who large in numbers has done their work
Americans felt that bombing will be easier and more effective from the small island in the Pacific Ocean.
July 8 - In south Vaziristaan The American Drone attacks killed 50 persons.
So like this evolution takes place for multi cell living things.
The similarity between Urdu and Hindi results in people from both countries understanding each other
Cyprus
There is discussion about this war today also that Japanese army has given orders to local people to commit suicide to prevent them from being the prisoner of America.
So Medina People soon accept you as Khalifa and accept him
"besides a cultural promotion, Chinese advancement in the fields of science and technology is like this:"
As in the vensia progress was known for trade business.
You cannot use the technical boundaries for saving or the documents.
in this America has to take the Pakistan with him.
In 1940 he became the citizen of America.
Religious rituals were increased.
"On November 15, 1943 they did some amendment in that order. When Hitler said all Independent Gipsies and Roam's Gipsies have to consider citizens."
"In Europe, the German, British and Irish cultures embedded themselves. Later on the Italian, Greek and the Jews from Germany and East Europe also left their culture"
Category: World Wars
"Result of big including yandtiz river which is central river , there was so many river from West to east"
Ahamd khan not only produced the Galib's poetry but he explained his degree of poet.
and it has some value of it as results in his mind
March
Anyone can edit any article in Wikipedia.
all the rights of the system and law keeps assembly
July 17
In 2007
"Franklin Roosevelt, after winning the presidential elections in 1932, made a new plan in this regard and this increased the involvement of economy in the government."
"Germany was under severe restrictions, and it had to pay huge sums of money as war indemnity to the triumphant nations."
"This includes 6 religious representatives nominated by the Chief Guardian and 6 law experts nominated by the Judiciary, whose ratification is done by the Assembly."
in January 1903 he was married to Melva
Now when the war was started at that time the health of Hedi yoshi was bad so he called and Includes the five Leaders Council and he declared his son as his Successors and requested leaders to protect the Power.
References
"June 28, Supreme Court of Honduras ordered the arrest of President Manuel Zelia for going against constitution and he was sent out of country"
"Now this document is called duplicate or distribution any sources , trading or non trading , which belong to this where permission , rights"
Chapter 7 : Haapna
Italy
"Those Japanese planes which were under use since November 1941, were kept in perfect condition."
"In 1917, allies of Japan secrectly supported Japans rule over captured areas as a result of its support for war"
"no scheme brought to the villages with that village birder, punjab and soba-e-bengal Muslim majority effected"
In march 2004 Justice and development party has got 42 percent vote in district election and secure there position
Among injured 50 injured are critical
On every corner of the building there lies a tower.
All these three are selected by the voting of the member or by the nomination of the different members.
60 percent of the people have given permission for attacks
July 17-8 people killed and atleast 50 injured in a suisad attack in a Indonesian city Jakarta.
These ask Ibuno ziyat Very angry and say
Bacon's 23 friends killed
"Meanwhile, few tribal feudal aristocrats attacked the western ships"
Muhammed Fateh has cleared columns in his Constitution and given icon in Empire whose main door was known as Bab Aala and his last court was Dewan Goya.
Cannot be translated. Not proper sentence.
Okinawa is an island which is 340 kilometres away from japenese mainland
Now microkernel times has come and now linkas is wasting his time.
14th August.
Thus the 17th century for the Usmani Kingdom was both of rise and fall
Island shaped Anazol (Which is pronounced in English as Antalia) consist of narrow coastal lanes
Area at the least sea level is river Amoo that is only 846 feet high.
The bowling side team has the target of gets the wickets of the batsman of other team on minimum runs.
Web browsing
"The war which continued till 30th April 1975, Japan prefered to play a neutral role in it."
"This attack was second on the land of Japan after the attack of Doltel Air strike of April 1942, which was the regular beginning of campaign of strategic bombardment on Japan."
"Heinrich Miller took the oath that """" All the citizens of Poland will disappear from the world"""" ."
Which was taken away from them by the Iranians
In him there was lots of passion for Jihad and triumph of Jerusalem was his greatest desire.
Life in Madina
"The Japenese forces fought under the leadership of Lt Colonel Yaozo Azoma, but after the death of 8 officers and 97 soldiers it was defeated"
"If the batsman is not offering a shot and the ball strikes the batsman's leg without touching the bat, then the batsman could be given out even if his leg is not in front of the wicket."
"now they were unable to export the fabric, machineries and chemical to other world."
Target of batting team is to score as much as possible runs
"25 May - American space institution, NASA's satellite """"Pheonix"""" lands on the surface of Mars."
"According to a new study of Asia Pacific, between the year 1948 to 1950 more than 27,000 people who held managerial posts, government school teachers, University Professors and private company officers were removed from service due to their socialist vision and approach."
It was named as Manchester of Pakistan because of its Industrial network and cloths goods
Then the rays of the sun gave the answer that both these religions were different ways of expressing the same religion
Chapter 2: Cohabition
"As of 1950, Holocaust became known as """"Yadevechim"""", which is commonly utilized in order to associate it with the mass killings of European Jews."
They are forward looking
while between one group which was told hans and in the history it was anticipating that they were Koreans who attacked on tasu shima beach
"By Christmas 1990, Berners-Lee had built all the tools necessary for a working Web, the first web browser and he first web server."
March
"The famous people who are against such laws are Noam Chomsky, Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, Raul Hilberg, Richard Evans."
"There were a total of 600,000 people in the European allied foces. German King, Frederick Barbrosa was also with them in this scheme"
Parliament attack was one of the worst attack by the terrorist.
At that time from near 8 million to 10 million Jews were settled in the areas under stone of Nazi (the reason of uncertainty is the knowing the absolute number of the Jews in Soviet Union).
Black laws were made to supress human rights
Afghanistan is member of some International Organizations and recently became member of SAARC.
"At the same time, many small groups among the Han group have maintained their separate identity. They have their own linguistic and cultural specifications, but still identify themselves as the Han group."
Now total members of European Union are 27.
"Besides this, the Eastern Anatolia area was added to democratic Armenia to create Wilsonian Armenia, which was the old country for Armenian nationals, but later on Turks and Kurds also settled here"
The base of constitution and Islamic courts is Sacred Quran.
(chapter 2):
"All life on Earth requires carbon, hydrogen, oxygen, nitrogen, sulfur and phosphorus as well as numerous other elements in smaller amounts;"
This type of wicket will not credit to any player.
India is one democracy
Molana Abdul Aziz caught while trying to escape after wearing veil from Lal Mosque Islamabad.
"Let's start with a simple document. Write this code in your editor, or copy-and-paste it, and save it as index.htm"
Jinnah wanted a Free and Independent India.
After his assassination his some became and wages the war against British in 19 August 1919 in which the British has vacated from Afghanistan.
"It was the strong foundation laid by Sultan Othman I that after his death within a century, the Ottoman Sultanate was spread up to Rome and Balkan countries."
The next regime was a Marshall Law from 1977 to 1988
"in this 5000 world's largest ,heavy and old trees are also there"
UNESCO opened world digital library on 22nd April.
Japanese have many stories for their beginning like other nations.
The military government has registered cases against her in the court.
MUTBHA SYED NEWS PAPER DELHI
"Basket ball is also facing shortage of space, is also gaining popularity amongst city youth."
caravans travel from Jhang to Lahore stay here
"This was beyond the understanding of the army control as neither had any big air attack taken place, and nor was there such a hge reserve of arms and ammunition in Hiroshima for there to be total destruction"
In east Eural and Baheera Qazween divide the Europe and Asia.
"On the development of language in Japan, Japenese poetry Waka also started becoming popular"
You met him at Zami Hashm.
"Gandhi writes """"The founder of Islam gave a great lesson on high morals, which showed people the path of righteousness and gave an education of equality"""""
According to vatsina for sex there are 8 ways and for every way there are further 8 ways
"During this era a strong Tribal group called Yamtoob was present, which is remembered in the western history with the name of Yamtoob era"
Nine persons killed and two lack home less in capital of Jakarta.
"From few years urban nonreligious have given new theories of taoism which given by feng shoi , are became very famous and with this china home decoration market is also increasing"
Act: History of Yuda's
Website of Faisalabad Government
"After getting fed up, the city on Omans promise, decided to give the city to the Christians"
Culture
Hamid karzai was nominated the president of Afghanistan on 9 October 2004
Urdu in India
"Hit Wicket...When the batsman removes the bail from the wicket either with his body or his bat, either while trying to hit the ball or while running"
15 February-Pakistani Taliban has announced to to stop war for ten days in swat valley
It had been spread on Japan that adventures of Siberia and Mongolia is a useless process.
"The average distance of sun from earth is 14,95,98,000 kilometer and time taken by it's rays to reach the earth id 8 minutes 19 seconds"
Clock Tower.
"According to some sources it has also been established that Jinnahs great grandparents belonged to Sahiwal, Punjab and were the Hindu Rajputs who later became Muslims"
in 1989 instead of army commander Targhot Azwal became president
Shalizog Velishtine
"After having put into use, on 29 October 1960, from the University of California, Los Angeles, UCLA, direct messaging came in to effect which is called ARPANET and it can also be called the beginning of Internet."
And it is said that they were depending on only roots and leaves.
it was that much big blast that with this almost in air eleven and half feet rim came in to existence
Companies like Google run their thousands of networks on Linux.
He was the last king of Afghanistan
and famous story genji also is written by a women named Murasaki shekio
Democratic Peoples Republic of China and Taiwan also did not participate in this agreement
"in 1914 after coming back to Berlin, Einstein met his uncles daughter elsa"
11 February - Three day heavy rainfall in Pakistan.
Australia
The most pressure in the match is on him and his decisions can have a significant impact on the results of the game
Unani's has revolt against this agreement.
in 1538 pariweza war and in 1560 jaria war in rome is the proof of osmani's  peak
June 6
Revision
During the current decades foreign relation of Australia are visible signs of deep relations with America.
"Although Yorimoto had established a strong regime to some extent, he still remained under the fear of being expelled from power by his close relatives and his brother."
After then the dead body have put burned.
The American Psychological Association style guide states
Tensions and Curfew near the area of Lal masjid in Islamabad the capital of Pakistan.
Because the Imperialist had cut short of Japan's interest in most of Asian countries that Japan thought it was danger to adopt them again very closely.
every important and common person have permission to enter in to palace
when there is no way of victory then Salebi want to compromise
It is said that clock tower of Lyallpur was built in the memory of Queen Victoria who died 80 years ago.
the aim of scorer or score is to count both sides runs
like that comic book and Disney many films has its own int-entity in the world now also
For making one runs batsman run towards the opposite direction of the wicket
"Besides this, Martial arts, table tennis, badminton and recently golf has also gained popularity"
Afghanistan in Pictures
"Since they were not related to any religious faith, therefore Buddha Bhikshus  were blocking their way."
Army has killed 55 extremist Taliban in Swat
"This agreement signed by German Chancellor Edolf Hitler , Italy foreign minister gulzio siano and Japan ambassador sayoro koroso"
Hitler Killed Yuda's is identified by the name holocaust .
In this racial in Justice was due to the institution of the regional kingdom.
Sultan himself appointed the Prime President.
After subjugation on the Cairo when he noticed the palaces of Fatimi rulers then there were countless jewelry and utensils of gold and silver.
One great achievement of Ahmed Shah Durrani was defeating the Marathas in the third battle of Pani Pat in January 1761.
British and Australian prisoners were also murdered in the prisons.
To easiest way to help us is that you read wikipedia like any other journal.
First World War stated because of the event when a Slavo extremist killed the Austrian prince Fardi Nand with a gunshot on 28th of June 1914
The player who stands in front of the bowler is known as striker.
Main campus was full of slaves and was used to get a very hard work from them.
It is written in the title of it's charter that
In that period the annual population growth rate was 1 million.
Big cities
state Yazd
(6) In 18 th century history of vensia and predating may 1850British ethnologist.
after the establishment of power and force from western kingdom it was raising in japan also of making extension
1st April - Pakistan Cricket Board put a five year ban on Shoaib Akhter.
"At that time, Muslim ibn Aqeel had gone to the supporter of the people of House, Hani ibn Arwah."
"Fifty five people died in bomb explosion in Karbla, the city of Iraq"
Since the second World War to 2000 about 6.9 million people came as emigrants.
Category: computer languages
Members of royal family with the advice from scholars will choose a king from royal family
15 January - Pakistan Police has arrested 124 people in its crackdown on groups allegedly linked to the Mumbai attacks
Pakistan internal matters saudi arabia involvement seen
Category: Geography
In china it is lend.
Computer display is television part which is also called Monitor(face1:1)
"Selimiye Mosque, a masterpiece built by architect Mimar Sinan"
"With the passage of time on account of relationships it is important to mention the visit to Yaskoon(Tashkant) because this, even now takes shape whenever the members of parliament of Japan or those in Power consider and make a visit."
Since 1951 till now Australia has considered to be military alley of America
"As a result of this demand, Pakistan movement came in to being."
This Space-time came in front.
huge program fortran to create or write in which computer programmer a team work on it took years to complete and this there is doubt that program might not work as affectively as they thought
"After US occupation and Tokyo Olympic Games, Japanese society quickly adopted western style."
"Such experiments were done by German experts of medical science in the camps of Ashuweetus,Dicha bochen, wald Revenesburg, Sachane Hawasheen and Natezweler."
according to Turkey In the force of Turkey is called as In or Country's safe
as omer bin seed was found to fight with imam hussain that why sent qrah bin dufian to him
Hand writing is assumed to be a big branch of art.
There is also a vice captain in the team who performs captaincy duties in the absence of the captain.
"Animals have several characteristics that set them apart from other living things. Animals are eukaryotic and mostly multicellular,[4] which separates them from bacteria and most protists. They are heterotrophic,[5] generally digesting food in an internal chamber, which separates them from plants and al"
Disputed
"In this year, Einstein had published four famous scientific theories."
construction
Family
The English tourists of that time wanted to make it into a city
Therefore the new settlement model was rejected
TV transmission has been jamed.
"Meanwhile, he signed a 4 year treaty with a Châtillon leader Raynald, wherein both were bound to support each other, however, the treaty remained on papers and turned out to be mere a formality"
Pakistan's civilization is very old and colorful.
"clasical music,non clasic folk music & many musicians are popular & successful"
the Christian world had so far never provided such a large army
"then Prophet said that """" O Ali! You are my sub. and heir  in this world as well as in the world after this world """"."
you can see the old heading of some older version if the main writer allows you
San Fransisco treaty is also known as the Peace treaty.
for the acquisition of clean water in Faisalabad there was a good experiment which was given by affordable peoples in the route of God free of coust
"French Emperor, Napolean Bonaparte said """"Muhammad was actually the ruler of the world"""""
His Visal was happen at the age of 63 in Madina Mecca and Madina in Saudi Arab was under the area of hijaz
- France's passenger aircraft crashed in the Atlantic ocean in killing 288 passengers.
"According to Kamasutra each human's intentions are impressed with his thoughts, so:"
The Egyptian army was not present here because geographically it was not endangered
from last 50 years on Australian culture there is a big impact of American culture and other countries people who visited to Australia
Hence multicellular organisms were born.
Islam reached the central Europe only because of the victories of the Ottomans. And the Eastern European areas remained under Muslim power for a long period.
Hungry
"First Printing (printed 7381) is also included.(reference Sayyed Ahmed Khan Level Khaleeq Anjum First Volume - Urdu Academy, Delhi, 991 Pages 751)"
In Pakitan there is strong possession of lawyer against the suspension of Chief justice iftikhar chaudhry
Category: Human computer functions
Ottoman Army was the world's most modern army of its time. It was the first army which initiated the use of gunpowder weapons.
starting of 19th century started to renvate their army.& yaan cherry was killed in 1826 by sultaan e mahmood.which was called as Nizaam e jadeed
Now japan has only three ways first that they violate agreement with Indo China and accept the american demand
Category: Countries
Indonesia is East Asias biggest ecoonomy and an important member of the G20 economies
"The """"modified"""" version of document means anything that keeps the related document or a part of it inside itself, whether it is copied word by word, or with some changes, and/or has been translated into another language."
Preparation of Ibn Ziad
Local forces attack and defeated them but after two days mangol with the a very quantity attack on them to stop them it was not possible for manchokoo so ask for Japanese force
In iraq city of karabala 55 people dead in bomb blast
This is doubt the geenarmo has would have by himself in 1991 to 1992.
he was very much fond of acquaint and inhis period he has raise the different arts have also given reputation
March 4 - International court of justice issued arrest warrant of sweden President who is charged to being involved in War crimes.
Eastern Asia's basis will be targeted.
"temperature yearly some what different,the average of Jakarta Yumiya's recorded temperature was 26-30 degree centigrade()86-79 was french 73]"
"25 and JANET, others also involved in USFNet."
"James D Stakely writes the main problem of Germany was not the criminal characters, but the criminal thoughts and """"gesundes Volksempfinden"""" (people's proper health) became a prominent shield and like this it was implemented like general laws"
Zulfiqar ali bhutto became President and than prime minister in this time
"When Mirza did not find the bottle there, he got really worried. Sir Syed said:"
Power of the Japanese army is getting weaker slowly slowly.
"Japanese army fought under the leadership of Lieutenant Colonel Yaozu Azuma, but was defeated after the death of 8 officers and 97 soldiers."
Banu Hashim
"If the team attains all the required runs before losing all the ten players then this is written as: Team won by """"N"""" wickets where """"N"""" stands of left wickets in hand."
"Non Chinese languages are used in some independent areas as co-official, or 2nd languages"
This was called Cutting of Jews caste
4 changes: modified
In this report it is mentioned that because of increasing air pollution Taj mehal gleaming Sange Marmar is being greatly damaged
Empire of Usmania: An outline arranged by time
Even though Yorimoto made a string government but the fear of rebellion from his relatives and his brother constantly hung over him
Population at density can be found at Great Lake in northeast side and Atlantic Sea Port Valley.
"After the conquest of Egypt,Salahuddin was appointed it's governor in 564 AH."
In 1907 Ameer Habib-Ullah Khan also visited Britain on the invitation of English people.
† Because of its peculiarity points out to the province.
"Amanullah Khan also toured Europe and Turkey in 1927 in which he took notice of the western advancement. He wished for such advancement in Afghanistan but when he tried to ban the face veil like Kamal Ataturk, it resulted in rebellions from the tribes and Afghanis became totally against him"
Starting history.
France Presidential election won by Nicholas serkozi
gharnata
Sindh
Many conquered provinces
This island consists of Britain and Ireland as well as the different islands in the surrounding ocean.
On April 7th the president was arrested for 25 years in jail.
Religious riots expected to rise in Iraq
Group: Persian Gulf Countries
Dry bezel.
Zamrah world jung
"If the ten players got out before reaching the required score that write like this Team """"N"""" lost by this run and the remaining score is"
"Jinnah joined in the Indian National Congress in 1896, which was at that time the biggest political party of India. But rather than only preaching freedom like the other leaders of Congress, he proclaimed the British influence over India's education, law, culture and industry as beneficial for India."
a successful experiment
"In the year 1192, the king of Japan gave the title of Shogun to Yuri Mutu, which had given  semi self power of attorney    to the states during his period."
Mathew Perry was leading 7 naval ships when he came back at the Kanagawa Convention on 31st March 1854
"Along with this, nation started getting conscious  and for different people, African American e.g. Martin Luther King Junior became prominent."
Pump with piston
but when he was presented in front of ibne Ziyad then he thrown back the promise of peace back and ordered to kill him
"Besides this, Japanese command was also established on the ports of Borneo and Sumatra. Petroleum was transported from here which is why it was important for Japan to tighten its grip"
House almfds victory.
Muhammad Ali Jinnah
Which brought the third crusade to an end.
76% of the Spanish are Christians
During this visits Einstein not only Spread Science lecture but also Zionism.
"As soon as China opened to foreign trade and missionary activities, opium started being sold openly."
2 March -Suicide attack in Zargan Khel area of Dera Adam Khel. Leaves 40 dead and more than 50 injured
There are many items present in the Okinawa Prefectural Peace Museum which tell the sorry tale of those lamentable moments.
first Muslims got defeat later it turned in ti victory
June i8-5 people killed during a  Drones Attack in South Waziristan.
Category: Kingdom of Mangol
The sehnu japanese war from 1937 to 1945 There is for the another war The nationalist and communist for another party.
"It becomes evident by the official statistics that 20 million Muslims (most of them are Huai), 150 million Protestants and 5 million Catholics are also present here."
These days Ayatollah Khamoeini is the Supreme Leader.
John Menard Cairns
List of Russian Prime Ministers
In 1872 worlds first national part is constructed atbeulostone.
"According to the historians, Hitler was a very brainy, sharp, cunning, cruel and sadistic person. His personality is proclaimed to be charismatic. When he used to stand in front of a crowd of hundreds of thousands of people for a speech, he used to seemingly bewitch them. Words were a toy for Hitler and"
and he ordered to Omar bin saad on it and said
Soldiers were trained that death in battle field is a very good death.
present
Judge Part 3
Second dissertation was the mathematical model of Brownian motion in which with the use of light the motion of particles in liquid was interpreted.
"Status refers to the relative rank that an individual holds; this includes attendant rights, duties, and lifestyle, in a social hierarchy based upon honor."
Why the buthmath followers were assassinated and there worship places were demolish.
In Turkey Language
there is one more aspect of Hitler's personality and with this very few people aware
incident of Hira
Sha Shuja had shown the green garden in Kabul by the Britishers.
category: advooi diseases
Some advocates object to describing certain conditions notably deafness and autism as disabilities
Distance of light is so fast that we cannot compete.
"US President Roosevelt arranged talks between the two nations on the US Naval Base in Portsmouth and played the role of mediator, due to which a peace agreement was signed on 5 September, 1905."
"Till the decade of 1960 majority of countries population were Bedouin or Semi Bedouin, but die to economy and prosperity in cities now 95% of countries population is stable"
"From Morocco to Indonesia, Muslim were grouping politically as a new brethren under the flag of Islam."
Due to Korea Buddhism was introduce in Japan which effect the Japanese culture more
Abbasid made Baghdad their capital for the first time
In 784 capital nara is shifted to nagawa decision been made
"the columns of George vebrick  in language today: in from world's 10 big spoken languages Urdu on fourth place after Hindi, English, Spanish"
First Aain period of the kingdom was very less and in this result many youth Ushmani in this result aain kingdom was finished.
Ahmed Shah Abdali
austria
"On one hand, Germany was planning to seize Poland, and on the other hand, Italy had captured Ethiopia."
"This included intellects, writers and investigators"
"During the Italian - Turkey wars ,Bulqan league which comprised of Serbia Monti Negro , Greece and Bulgaria ,had done the war-announcement against Usmanian territory as a result of which the   Usmanian territory had to face Bulqan-war (1912-1913) and had to suffer the loss of many areas of Balqan."
Chapter 10
The French selected country's north eastern side and the Spanish selected the south and the western side to colonize.
"the basic sort of mathematics is used to be in older period in old misr, international nahreen older Indian cultures (see the history of mathematics)"
Category:computer system
melting of matter with gas leakage and atishfishan the earth came into being
18.) Japan- Important suppliers imported from Indonesia
12 May - The membership of Pakistan is renewed in Common Wealth.
Although Falun Gong refused that it is a new religion.
teat match
However the Japanese of that time were extremely proud of their culture. And they paid the most importance to loyalty to their country
history
"Small landlords to marriage , nominate there alternate and to create a private palace they need a permission from government"
After Sule Hudebia on 7th Muharram Prophet(p.b.u.h) have written letters to kings and send his travelers with his letters
West History teacher Michel Hart Self famous books The Hundred World one the best 100 persons about wrotes.These through goodness of world.
"The Israeli commando's surrounded Port Saeed, which lasted many days"
"Public democratic china as hankong, Mecca where is democratic china as Taiwan and other areas."
"Ethnically there are Pashtu, Tajik, Hazara, Uzbek, Aimak, Turki, Baluchi and others living."
"It is said that a total of 130,000 people died in this war"
Because on 18th April 1942 due to the first american air attack by america the dangers were multiplied.
hazrath Isaq(A.s)would pray in mosque of Aqsa but to perform Hajj he will go to mecca
He became the party's chairman in 1921
Majority of the universities are running with government aid.
"On 22nd June in the morning at 3:40 the Lieutenant General Oshi Jeema and General Aisamocho suicided near the mountain of 89, which is called as Harakeeray i.e to die a honorable death."
In the arabs life mostly they people marry more and they are full of money.
"Eventually, Ayasu banned the Christianity through a decree issued in the year 1612."
"Moreover, the numbers include displace immigrants from other countries."
Asper michel bedan baom this number is 9000 to 2.2 thousand.
West Poet of Allama Iqbal Best poet. He's poem of very sole and way to show the peoples.
"24 October - american drone attack in Damadola, which leaves 27 people dead including many important leaders of terrorists"
And these binary codes which are used for programming are called assembly language
In which the winning of Tunis and Algeria against Spain and seperation of garnata where Muslim and Jewish remain safe and 1543 a holy mukadis romi empire nais winning is important
Same gender relation
On 2nd May the allied forces saw the Japenese army coming
26 February - The international court of juctice frees former serbian president Milan Milontof of war crimes
He was supported and encouraged by his wife Khadija for the mission he stood
But Haran  order was to capture in water
Chapter 5 Heirity& partition of land
13 June
One day cricket was first played in England between local clubs.
He won many wars because of revolting
"A ceremony was held at its completion, Mr Luis was its chief guest who was the finance commissioner of Pujnab at that time."
"However, surviving with stability for couple of months, the change was seen eventually on the Ecevit's hospitalisation and subsequent refusal to resign in 2001 prompted a wave of resignations from the DSP and an early general election."
Laws against doubting the Holocaust
Australia has participated in summer Olympic and common funds games in this era.
"On 18th June, General Oshijima sent a farewell message to the Vice Chief of Staff of Japanese army, Kawanabe Torasero, and Commander of the tenth army in Taiwan, Ando Rekechi. At the end of the message, he wrote some stanzas:"
"In 1960, 1980, 1997 failed to government in military."
Watchtower
On an international front no powerhouse of the world tried to stop the Japanese attacks.
"Then they surrounded the Arthur port, and shut down the Russian port of Valaidostock in the Pacific Ocean"
Sunnah of Holy Prophet ( S.A.W )
in 1974 peoples democratic party as tried to get the agreement between other party's but it was unsuccessful.
May 26 - Supreme court of Pakistan allows Former Prime minister to take part in Election
"political and economic depend ability,society problems,corruption and terrorism have made development lazy"
Category: Indian speaking areas and countries
"The opponents were accustomed to the geogphrical condition of the area hence was able to strongly defend, however, the Mongolans later reversed the matter to their side"
Usmaniya governments Three type of cities administrate to self divisions.
Some scholars also thought that prices of items are also determined by the amount of hours (or time) spent on the item.
His brother and assistant Molana Ghazi agreed to throw weapons
"14th of April,"
"In these attacks, Japan's one attacking ship and three small ships got destroyed."
Some students of Islamic party kept the mosque under their control for some time.
"5 February - 10 people including colonel, killed and 45 injured in suicide attack on army bus in rawalpindi"
Event of Karbala was consider the main reason of End of Khilafat
in case of Wide or No ball bowler bowls same no of extra bowls
in other words all aspects of physics were non accelerated democratic reference will come into heart same
which is close to Basra
category:Mirza Ghalib
"In 1910 an offer came from University of Prague for full professor, then he went to Prague in 1911."
Asma Binte Marwan was killed by their blind family member Hazrat Umair Bin Auf.
Which is why there was instant rebellion in Hujaaz
How long can an abandoned userspace draft stay before being deleted
Like test and one day internationals twenty/20 cricket was also started in England.
The second revival of the Ottoman Empire has gone to Bayezid Yıldırım's son Mehmed I who for his liberal patron of intellectual merit was known in the name of Mehmet Çelebi.
He was the last king of Afghanistan.
"Central region, which includes Shanghai, is temperate."
Saddam Husein's step brothers barzaan ibrahim al takriti(founder of saragani) and fawad hamed ul nabdar(former chief judge)were hanged
goodness
After extreme sickness hadey poshi died in 18 September 1598
"Japanese had also found out that the US fleet Saratoga is being repaired, because it was damaged in a submarine attack."
Australian's current literacy rate is 99%.
The Turkish language's base was changed from Arabic to Latin and the adoption of secularism is worth mentioning.
"Law[4] is a system of rules, usually enforced through a set of institutions.[5] It shapes politics, economics and society in numerous ways and serves as a primary social"
Zahir sha ( Ruling Period: 1933 -
Category: Search Engine
category: ijaza jaat masna lateef
Russia rejected it
Achievements
"Last Emperor, Muhammad Shah Wahid ud Din (1861-1926) left the country on 17 November 1922 and according to the Lausanne treaty, Democratic Turkey was accepted on 24th July 1923."
the election of yazid was problem for Islamic sharia therefore Imame Hussein(R.A) with patience have fought with problems this is the best example of patience in history
Most of the people in Spain belongs to Christianity
20th of November - Afghanistan's president Hamid Karzai takes the oath of presidency for the second time.
Category: Reproductive System
Its a very great achievement by tam to search the cache.
"By taking care of the fact that there is nothing else except the proofs about your changed version, you can include a part under """"Verification"""" topic."
November 5-  -2 persons were killed in an American drone attack in north Waziristaan.
May 6
"Even besides this, Einstein was famous in Germany (except some of the right wing extremists)"
Yazid's nomination and establishment of individual government.
"He left Medina on 25 Ze'aqad, 10 Hijri (February 632 AD)."
"GRAVE OF HAKEEM MIAN MOHAMMAD DEN,SUMANDARI ROAD"
Mount Augustus is consider as the biggest Rock
7 percent people in which 20 percent are shias and 77 percent are sunis and and three percent are other religion
galib's deewan while in his life printed by syed ul aqbar's letho graphic press first time in shabaan 4521 according october 1812
Allama Iqbal
"Japan and America have started negotiations in 1959 for reviewing the security agreement of 1951 and to sign a new agreement, and finally on 19th of January 1960 both the countries have signed the agreement of cooperation and security in Washington DC."
CATEGORY:ISLAM
category: countries
Famous Companions
"Japan was successfully grasped political influence and power over its economics in that era because they had kept armed militancy with them. However, then the situation was different and there were intellectuals available at that time."
Azad members and other small parties are also there
"Towards the end of this Government, the differences between political and amry circles increased. This resulted in the armed Government coming back into power in 1999"
America has name Ice berg to this mission.
In some places it is beacsue of religious influences and in some it is because of traditions
The forest fires have yet to be extinguished
"From the federation till now, there exists a moderate democratic system in Australia and it remains a commonwealth."
"Due to lack of trust, a civil war started between the Nationalist and Communist parties"
"When he would be martyred, the sand would also become red."
"Mostly, the name of the province is identical to the name of its provincial capital."
"On April 1942 after the aerial attack on Dolittle, there was another attack on the mainland of Japan which was in fact the launch of a strategic bombardment."
now both have an agreement about custom law which was imposed on 1 January 1996
On the other side menamota once again regain the power
"Eventually, on 27 Rajab 60 H., along with his family and friends, he set foot towards Makkah."
It is taken as a arrangements of distribution.
"erectus remain left famous """"Java person"""" remain for him , my opinion is Indonesian archipelago"
"Turk builders constructed several buildings of the modern Ottoman style, among whom the Fateh Jamia, Saleemi Jamia, Suleimani Jamia and Takuye Jamia are prominent."
this sort of attacks made japanese cruse unable to work which was mogame and mecoma
"In Brittan solders,leaders George (George )Lyman Hall(Lyman Hall)Welliam Ellery( Welliam Ellery)Button( Button)George Walton(George Walton)Clymer.Thomas Heyward Jr(Clymer.Thomas Heyward Jr)Gwinnet"
"Finally, according to details, he passed away in May or June of 632"
Few of the reforms were completely rejected by the Chinese  culture and rest tried to improve there influence so that they could match the Chinese culture.
The term Chinese nation i.e Zahunagwa means those people who have Chinese nationality no matter to which linguistic group they belong.
British Army fired a built on a criminal protested in a procession in Boston.
Mohammed fourth
"After this Haj, he passed away."
The caravans going from Jhang to Lahore used to camp here.
"On both sides of the pitch, at a distance of 15 yards from the center of the earth a circle is drawn which is called as near inner circle or close in-field."
Ghazwa Bani Muttalaq: Shaban 6 AH (December 627 AD)
At least 80% shia Dunodenary is Ahle Tashia
Category: Europe
"In partition of the Indo-Pak subcontinent, the British left such inaccuracies which became the reason of 2 wars on the issue of Kashmir between Pakistan and India."
before announcing his prophet his life was so pure and was good and for that there are many references
After this the entire island is not under any governments rule
map of Pakistan
It's length as per the rule is 66 ft
Birth of Urdu
In 1580 the most of the part was the removed.
February 18 - China new year begin
"Japan asked for a permission to enter Indo-China, and an agreement was signed between the Vichy French administration and Japan in 1940. In allowed Japan to build bases and transport materials."
Prophet Jabir bin Abdullah Ansari
other son idot was born in 1910 who has mental problem and spend most of his time in mental hospitals
"The Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) work for producing high quality, relevant technical documents that influence the way people design, use, and manage the Internet by coordinating various groups active in this domain. They carry this task by producing a Request for Comments (RFC) a memorandum pu"
Due to its village culture once it was called as the biggest village of Asia but with the passage of time it emerged as a great city it now holds the honor of biggest city of Pakistan after Karachi and Lahore.
According to BBC Soldiers have destroyed pictures and videos related to event of Journalists.
in the binging only new Christean were allowed to recruitment in Yani Chari but afterwards  Muslims were also recruited to it.
Asper the employment policy people do not believe that it will give a complete employment to the people.
Mongol army was pushed back to their ships
The life of Noor uddin was very simple like Salahuddin.
"It was their desire to kill anything that was bad, inferior, or anything that posed any threat"
The breakdown of insulin and other hormones
The same word was taken as a starting of silk.
Iqbal and Al-lama Sar Muhammad
The enemy use the fierce bomb and disaster was extra ordinary
After the world war second America's influence in this area started increasing
The Japanese navy was advancing towards Tolagi and in order to reduce their own losses the allies did not undertake any intervention.
Two missiles were thrown at Bannu from the tribal areas.
It was the result of Boston massacre.
The usmani captain was called Ameerul Behar.
"All the eight markets situated around the clock house, comprises of many types of markets, which play an important role in the progress of business and industrial development."
Hazrat Abdullah bin masood
Now prime minister konohi has announced an new order for south east Asia
"Moreover, the canal which runs in the center of the city, also plays an important role in the supply of clean water to the resident."
Edward Rutledge and Arthur Middleton's all properties robbed and destroyed.
so the Indian leaders could not gave the proper status to the name Hindustan.
"Jammia Masjid Al Imran , Sahdpura"
March 1989 Tim has sent letter for management information in which ENQUIRE has discussed and given a sketch of complete managed information
his cast was abu ul qaasim
Inventions
Changes should be amde in NWFP and Baluchistan provine like other provinces.
6 April
This incident urged him to conquer the world and be came out to conquer the world
japan now raised as a new power in asia and some great people thought that if some one defeat to western countries from asia so that is japan only
Mr. Jinnah knew the importance of religion in the country's political and social aspects and he believed that for country's progress everyone has to work together.
"Kamakura , ex-capital of Kyoto is situated in east 300 miles away."
"Here there are three big political parties: Australian labor party, Liberal Party and National Party"
Governor General
international business condition was ill
"After Russia's decline when the cold war ended, America was left as the only superpower in the world. Now it plays an important role in trying to solve world problems"
Pakistan has helped trapped all the muslim countries in to America's net by getting rid of Russia of from all the world
Allama Iqbal and Spirituality and mysticism
Iqbal and Western civilization
France
November 30
Russian Orthodox Church and foreign Orthodox Church have been united after 80 years.
The reason behind all these conquests was able administration of armed force and latest military techniques which included the use of gun-powder and a strong navy.
When any page web page is increased up to the content scan be done to web site.
Partial Solar Eclipse
"its about 6,000 in which population 64 that spread in two sides of Equator."
Military System
city and arounf the villages of the city every where there was textile mills and hand loom net was spread
"On the other hand, the Naval warships, cruisers and destroyers started bombing and firing heavily on the Japenese, in conjunction with their airforce"
11 Ghalib's mannered effect the writings of Syed Ahmed khan written farsi book Aina Akbari (year 1242 1555)depend one masnavi one accepted Farsi written were also present
Following states are except those:
This warrant announced the order of any work in which the work should be completed.
restriction of equality
Book of Ghalib
Battle of Bani Musthalaq: In Sha'ban 6H. (December 627
In Pakistan many colorful and old Civilization. .
France is a developed nation and it is the fifth most admired country in the world.
From 1995
Total 29 states were there.
"The council has the right to veto the nominees of the assembly, local councils, President and caretaker assembly"
"According to the records, in 1844 the regime in Holland had sent a message to Japan asking them to open their doors to the outside world. In spite of that, the ruler of that time Tokugawa had overrode the demand."
land
"According to the agreement, the islands of Union and Recovu that include Okinawa, Umamia, Miako and Yaiyama islands, were given under the custody of America."
"10 February - While addressing the security conference in Munich, Russia's President, Vladimir Putin has termed America as a very dangerous country and crticized its use of unlimited power"
Abdul Hamid Sani
In 1939 with the name atkin T4 there is a pesnama which was the population of Germany people and the quality of relatives this was to kill Germany and Austrian people who are declared ill because of physical condition or those who are mentally ill
The social and agricultural pressure increased in Japan
"Because the United Nations used Japanese land for most of the missions to stop war, therefore the production of factories and industries increased significantly. This was because the necessaties were bought and fulfilled from here."
But in which some of the areas were not there example areas like which is at the banks of youngistan and owen areas in west
These police men have now been given leave for 10 days.
"Buland Eijot's Jamhouri Ba'ain Party (Democratic Leftist Party) benefited the most from the resulting political tussle, and they formed coalition governments first with Madr-e-Watan (Motherland) Party and later with Rah-e-Haq (Right path) Party."
Iran is still adamant on the vehement opposition to Israel.
12 January
Without any matter to help any person.
religions
Economics was given its separate name (Economics in English -
Every match is divided into 2 innings where one team bowls and the other bats
I:
Hokkaido - Aiwate - Miyagi - Akita - Yamagana - Fukushima - Abaraki - Tojigi - Gonma - Sayitama - Chiba - Tokyo - Kanagawa - Nigata - Toyama - Aishikawa - Fukuwa - Yamatashi - Nagano - Kifu - Shizowaka - Aichi - Miye - Shiga - Kyuto - Osaka - Hyuku - Nara - Wakayama - Totori - Shimane - Aukayama - Hiros
Imagination can also be expressed through stories -3
"United Kingdom for Ireland which is commonly known as """"UK"""" or """"Britain"""" is a country in North Europe."
"Officially, People's Republic of China is considered secular, but personal practice of religion is allowed and religious parties can also be formed under government supervision."
18 May - From the past 1/4 century the crisis which were in Sri Lanka. had came to an end.
1500 injured
As per George banardshaw The Mohammed is the leader of present world.
"Beside those rehabilitation facilities, approximate figures are twenty thousand(according to the director, center of easy death Showals Hurthim, George Renok or four lac (according to the commandant Frank Zairiz of Death Housingosin camp)."
"In 1867, a 15 year old king Mautaswyetu came to power; he supported both Setosoma and Choshu modern armies and stood united with them against the Shogun"
hamtran normally is the part of yani chari
non Chinese language and some languages are used as second government languages
This is the practice of Shinto faith to make a visit on the belief of remembering the souls of those who had been killed by serving the kingdom from 1867 till 1951 or fighting against them.
"Any member of public is licensee responsible, and it can be addressed by """"you""""."
"Soviet Unions Vice Foreign Secretary, Andrey Gromikov and his troops tried to stop this many times. The day the agreement was being signed, Gromikov published a detailed speech explaining his discontent"
Because Osmani government was on three big continents that's it is difficult to explain on single culture but in different centers it has different roles
This concludes the reading system.
History
"Chinese writing is still in use of Chinese and Japanese, and somewhat Korean and Vietnamese also use it."
I have spoken to Muhammad Ali Jinnah.
Category:Royal Government
February
"4th March-Suicide attack in parking of naval war college of Lahore, 5 martyred including 5 personnel, 11 inujred."
gazwa-ahad: 7 shawwal 3 (23 March 625)abusufian attackef on madina with 3000 force
Asper one idea This was also as very important for trades.
Important books
Hazrat Imam Hussein
Which is why the Prophet called this the year of mourning
the plots of yahud mushrikin
Madni Life
According to 30 June 2006 there is around 1 billion 40 crore people are using websites
railway station
we can know the develop of education with that in 1892 there were almost 500 schools in filistin and in from that 13 were big colleges
Website of Punjab Government
Pakistan's Prime Ministers
"Many attempts have been made since 1974 to arrange dialogues under the supervision of United Nations in order to reach a just, everlasting and far reaching agreement."
there is no material for translation.
our earth has only one moon.
"The Second World War was the most expensive war for America in its history, but because of this war, American were able to come out of the Great Depression since new jobs were now available and women also for the first time took part in the jobs."
"American drone attack in North Waziristan on 8 December, leaving 3 dead including Al Qaeda's leader Saleh Alsomali"
"(In July 2005, it was 26,074,906)"
America not only bombarded Tokyo heavily but other cities were also hit. A lot of civilians were killed along with the destruction of military infrastructure.
"Mothers name was Amina bint Wahab, who was a daughter of the leader of Bani Zahra tribe, Wahab bin Abd Munaaf bin Kasi bin Kalaab"
Lakes Tree is at Mark.
Religions
consumer try to get more and more and business man think to get more and more profit
"According to the census of 1998 46% of the population is aged under 15, 52% between 15-64 years and the remaining 2% above 65 years"
The same lines became the form of Quran.
"According to Eugene M. Makar, the traditional Indian culture"
and later the national allys gave defeat to boxers
Umpire makes this decision.
After finishing of the over umpires also change their place.
result was this that powerful government was divided in to ill government
the madaress were established in Sham in the time of Fatmies then madaress and dispensaries had established in the time of   Noor-ud-Deen but Egypt was still deprived.
Category Countries
Mind and like
Except no ball batsman cannot run out.
"Though, the army was competent to army compared with empires in Europe, but the conflict and slavery for their temptation among the people became the root cause of their disaster."
The views of non-Muslims.
"After the bombing started, of the five submarines that attacked American Naval ships, none returned and of the 10 Japenese aboard the submarines, only one Japenese, Kazo Osaka survived. He was captured by America and became the first prisoner of war"
Category: Europe
Water is used to clean the rise in Jawa
"It was followed by a session of Zionist Congress in Bastille, Switzerland, where the creation of a pure Zionist state in Palestine was agreed upon. Also, the International Zionist Organization was formed to realize the creation of Zionist state."
The map of Indonesia
"The Japanese foregn policy was changed after World War 2, and the countries which it had done much damage to, were opened for communication and mending of fences from 1950 onwards"
Ansar Exemplary  helped to refugees.
There is a great influence of India in Afghanistan
Korea's public unification in 1952 sign the agreement.
"More than two hundred people died in Karachi, Pakistan following dreadful rain and storm."
Madina and mushrakin makkah there is an agreement at 628 which is called peace khudabia
D ground
"Religion has  first priority in Afghanistan.The holidays ,Eid ul-Fitr, Eid ul-Adha, Ashura, and Eid-Mawlid ul Nabi are of religion kind."
"Although the incumbent king used to be dictatorial, the real power lied with the court's nobility. They needed police guards and sepoys to safeguard them and their interests, and as a result the warriors grew more powerful. Among them the Minatu, Tyara, Fujiwara and Tachibana tribes were considered to b"
"Chinese government demanded that it be forewarned about these activities, because the local populace was being affected by this noise."
Kandahar
Proceeding to Mecca
Next year Eth's entrance examination was cleared by him
For the result Bangladesh came into being
north island in this nasho behrsheko behrkeosho and one and onlyjapan 47 doyen (kin ) in name near is there hin yan fin nnorth start
"At that time, ten Japanese ships were in the waters, but air power hadn't reached them so far."
Qazvin Province
elect for president to put the post of prime minister in parliament elect.
The English tourist of that time wanted to make it a city.
He was buried in Syria's present capital Damascus adajacent to the famous Ottoman mosque
Even in year 1286 news surfaced that Mongols had captured China also.
This court is the highest legal institution of United Nations.
During 1876 to 1908 rule of Sultan Abdul Hamid got fed up with his kinghood due to relaxation from Usmani Kingdom.
The programming education for children.
"28th June-Army operation in Khyber Agency, bombing on dwellings of terrorists"
Economic activities throughout the country vary greatly.
They developed training centres wherein they trained their army to expand their power
"Salahuddin was the ruler at the same time as the ruler of the Ghauri Empire, Shahabuddin Ghauri and the ruler of Morocco, Emperor Yaqoob al Mansoor. These 3 rulers were amongst the best rulers of their times"
"25 and JANET, etc. also came into USFNET"
6th July: 156 people died in China when police opened fire on protesters.
Memories Jew Massacre are now on Internet
Category: Wars
Fourteenth points
Chapter 3 :spreading
fidiyaaan people ahle bait has defended enemies attacks in a very brave way
In America wast enough industry is present of tourism and this is at the third position in the world.
"This island, besides Britain and Northern Ireland, is spread over different islands across the sea"
"rock, pop, soul, hip hop, country, blues, and jazz also is that music which are known internationally"
"Japanese people except eino Group all are one cast,one language and one cultured people if some leader try to unite them then it will not a problem for them"
Government and MQM had stopped the roads
") This relation can describe any historical relation with the topic and similar matters, may describe legal relation, may describe business, philosophical or political point of view that relation."
"Moreover, the enemy is also using such cruel bombs, which spread unmeasurable destruction."
"china (which is called in traditionally china, in easy china) is as cultural and ancient Chinese area which is located in the mid of asia"
Norway
In the good time biggest post were for security and for the welfare of the people.
"This matter is changing the opinion about Urdu, such as """"Urdu speaker is the one who speaks Urdu regardless of having some other language as his mother language""""."
He had not been influenced by any sect's religious belief so religion had stood as an obstacle in his way towards progress.
Dominion
Geography
Geela Area were producing rise in BCE protein.
studiousness is the used in the second form of the difficult work in connected with the studies.
aspire for baith
"Within hours of the accords being signed, the 5th Infantry Division of the Army of Canton,  withdrawing from China, under Lieutenant General Akito Nakamura, crossed the border at three points in the vicinity of the rail junction at Lang Son."
"Jews were expelled from schools and universities (according to the law of excess of students in schools), and were barred from the ownership of a journalist group or a newspaper as well as from the post of Editor."
source of transports
"Complex cells created after the combination of little cells with big cells, which called Eukaryotes."
Australia has 34218 kilometer of coast
13 people killed in an American drone attack in northern waziristan on 8th December in which Al-Qaeda's leader Saleh Alsomali was also killed.
Afghan mujahideen were sincere with Islam but america was using them for there own purpose
Winter starts in November which continues till March.
20 May-
Apa launches west side are bit smooth and great lake and Mississippi river which is the fourth biggest river in the world
60 percent people said yes for the permission of abortion.
"Never use silk cloths , and for living he used a small house"
Some companies of Turkey are also investigating about the ability of hydro power of Pakistan so that they can invest in Pakistan for generation of electricity.
"Maryshs.5,74000)"
"First after establishing his rule in Qandahar, Ahmed Shah Durrani spent all his energy in making Afghanistan one country"
tokogawa sogan has nizam no time to inter they make one face because they dint get any public seaport
international links
there aiash living made him weak and there tidness become weak in most areas
The European Union is an alliance of 27 european countries
"Nazi group to hitalr in 30th january  1933 germany brasserakhdarai (5,25,000) christian planed and they says."
Fourteen people died
In 1911 at Brazil he happened to meet big scientist like Max Planck and Lorentz.
"Map of Europe, England is visible."
And Implementation Protocols come on the top level. These determine the types of those messages and data which are understood by the applications (softwares) on either ends of the communication.
blogs list
Mirza galib written a letter in this connection.
"But the Japanese could not do so and now the agreement to end the war would not be on their terms, but on those of the Americans."
"Japan's European allies, German and Italy were contemplating frequent defeats."
According to Structure
"Murkih anbua means complete burn, are make finish him self in the name of the god."
"A part of Iran is also know as Kharastan. But, these two areas (Irani and Afghani Kharastan) are quite apart when check their existence."
Australia have total 34218 kilometers of coast.
"On the other hand, the number of allied forces was increasing instead of decreasing"
This hole was covered with Ram dewali soil which was came from sargodha road
"and in his mind ,some values is fixed about the possible results of those decisions."
Category: American Scientists
hazrat usman
they thought that by capturing on yusaan harbor they can stop the outer way of kamak
Word web + b from web = Blog
Asper the post they were known as a sheikhul Islam.
These surrounding among Cygnus.
in west baher-ul-kahil under the commander of allys general Douglas mac Arther they started their preprations
Disagreements with Ahly-Sunnat
Teaching and advocacy
"Member of parliament, Gallway who was against the Iraq war, was thrown out of the labour party, but these accusations against him for mismanagement were proved incorrect in the court of law"
Banu Hashim
They do not believe in Caliphate and believe that Imam Ali Alih Salam and twelve Imam whose reference is in Hades books are the heir of Hazrat Muhammad Peace be upon him
And it asked for  Suggestions
this Germany's camp was build not for killing of caste but at different times the quantity of different Jews prisoners importantly after living of Poland by Nazi force during last year
10: Amendments or corrections to this license    in future
Japanese force has contributed with their minds because at conical mountain west and south part Japanese position was not ill this was decided or this war has to be fought till the end or defeat
Literature in Pakistan
"Iqbal , Allama Sir Muhammad"
Australia has six states and two big and many small countries.
More than 80 % people speak English according to one of the surveys in 2001.
"Joined Muslim League and was appointed as the president of All India Muslim League. His famous presidential address of Allahabad holds historic importance. In this address, he presented the concept of Pakistan."
"In 1793 George Sha and Sir James Smith had published an article named Zoology and Batni for New Holland, in which they mentioned about a huge Island, rather then as a Continent."
Culture
these people followed the same caste
The shameful act by betrayed friends in Kufa
Provine Elaam
This was their worst defeat in history
"The 9700 pound atom bomb made from uranium and called Little Boy was not only ready to destroy Hiroshima, but to jolt the entire world, and the pilot was ready to achieve his objective"
Most of the linux use is currently in mail market
In other documentary it shows that people can get their compensation without any problem and alteration.
Test match is always played in a day time.
in his student life he blessed with a teacher like Meer Hassan who had came to know about his skills.
JAMIYA MADRASSA-U-DEN MADINA TOWN SARDARABAD
This destruction was happened with the hands of others and some time the position of war was created
Jinnah knowing the importance of religion in political and social facts of India was proponent of the fact that all the people have to work together for the progress of the country.
"This era will be remembered as a bloody era because in this era so many Iraqi people have been killed, that were not even killed in the last 50 years"
Finally japan navy with a thought in 12 December 1942 a goda canal terminate and decided and general hageem sogi and admirial osami naganomi personally told about king herohito
After ten day you went to madina
We have created independent software for cultural use because independent software wants independent documents one independent software should come with independent using like software do
gun powder
"In that time, Russia and the British India were lying thousands of miles afar. The things about central asia like marketplaces, animals and Bukhara and even Tashkant were unknown in the west. But Britain knew that the Russians wanted to capture it."
Ghalib's one newly invented letter Farsi letter was there in Book of Ghalib
"There in the Europe, after defeating Poland, Germany had started wars against Britain and France. That's why Russia thought it necessary to concentrate on Europe for its own defense."
"Case, which is a lying along with monitor in shape of a little box or chest."
He is a good human being
"In the next day, the remaining soldiers of Britain were also returned giving their chawni's to the Jews."
Nearly all 155 American airplanes on ground were destroyed
"29 planers were considered very effective because they had the capability to take bombs weighing 20,000 pounds and they could travel a 2000 mile round trip"
"Before computer era, when a writer wrote a book , it was put for corrections before publishing in front of any master, and the master put marks on it, the word markup came from here and the word Tadween before publishing any written material ,the process of cutting and putting marks ,changing and giving"
with this american artist got the chance for their intent and then american culture came to front
They have given independence to their independence and comfort and they taken this promise
International Court
See more
"Considering its regional power and strength, Japan cannot be sidelined and hence its national dignity was maintained through a Treaty of San Fransisco."
"Indonesia Load,climate of Indonesia and archipelagic,Geography world,In the second list it is high( after this Brazil 74 )and australssin and its palnts belong to asia ."
72 organisation came in front for the welfare for the people who suffered in these natural calamities.
"The guilty were presented in front of the Tokyo war tribunal after being charged with initiating a war against USA, China, Commonwealth of Britain, France (Indochina) and Soviet Union, meting out inhuman treatment to POWs and common citizens, and not performing their duties by not stopping the bloodshed"
And it can compensate its work without changing the main content.
other bowlers bowls from the other end of the pitch at the end of each over.
After going little far he met with Tarmag Bin Adi.
In one day match if the score of both the teams get equal at the end of the match then it is called as Tie in English language.
"Nazi Germans formed a cruel and racist government in Belarus, which burned down nine thousand houses. 380,000 people were sent in exile in order to be enslaved, while hundreds of thousands of citizens were killed."
Quran Karim
Arminia Death
"When Russia saw Japan struggling, even it attacked it"
In 1942 Japan during the Operation Mo done in which result the Newziland was defeated.
Modify the Economic
National News
today afghanistan is under americas control and its just shown its an independent  country and  government is running it
Important members of royal family elect one member from the royal family as king from the consent of scholars.
other than present killings at least 5 lakh Jews were killed in other camps in which so many are in Germany
the solar system of earth is only one planet where life is exist
In the new Area there was shortage of war materials by which there was lot off difficulties.
Turkey is world's 37th largest country in terms of area.
All the big reservoirs in Pakistan were constructed during General Ayub's dictatorial era.
May
"In 1936, Humler established the central office of eradicating homosexuality and pregnancy and declared homosexuality as injurious to health and at last homosexuals were declared as impure German blood"
The city's area based on 8 markets of the city was 110 square acres
the are almost 1 lac people who are from western countries
Liaqat Ali Khan
This system was the middle ground of the Sin Yat Sin program of political advancement. According to this China had to become a new and democratic state
incident of karbala and scarification of uzma
In 1997 President Khatami rafsangani period there was relation improved from most of the countries
"To its east is Bangladesh and Myanmar, to its north are Bhutan, China and Nepal, to its West is Pakistan and to its South and South East is the Indian Ocean"
At the end of the over other ball is bowled from other side of the wicket
machinate star which is the powerful sequin  was deen in center of south's sky
"Recep Tayyeb Erdogan, leader of Justice and Development party during the 2002 elections, was declared illegible to become Prime Minister or to participate in elections due to speaking in favor of Islam in one of his speeches during 1998. As a result, his deputy Abdullah Gul was made Prime Minister in hi"
allys was thinking that japan can attack from rabol point
Debain
if these people were kept quiet they might of got high positions& might have led a luxurious life
THESE ARE THE LARGEST CITES OF GERMANY.
"After three and Dutch Upanishwads' half century, Indonesia won its independence after the second world war."
"21 June - Blood donations by people on anniversary of Benazir and recitation of Quran, Death penalty of prisoners changed into life prison."
the ceremony of falling weapon and capture on japan
under the general assembly all the works are done of united nation's
The growth of improvement can be measured by seeing that in 1892 every type of schools had reached the total of 500 numbers in Qasthantani in which there were 13 big colleges alone functioning.
"In department of Rome and Roman Documents at Texas, Austin gave this number at a exaggeratingly high level of 500,000 to 1500000"
(9) dutches wester is studies organisation were used.
Category: German Scientists
Reason of its existence is Political and Economic
Mangole's return after their defeat.
at that time japanese prime minister konohi to give chinese government a punishment they took the possession of nangang and east coastal area of china
The attack was taken over the region of Honshu and it is known in the history as the Doolittle Raid.
"This country has been occupied by Iranians, Greeks, Arabs, Turks, Mongols, British, Russians and now USA, respectively."
Foreign communication.
"By utilizing this base as an Air and Naval base for Japan, Major General Horiye would capture Port Moresby after invading it with the help of Japanese Air Force and Sea Barn troops, both of them led by him."
"As the Internet is a divided network which consists of different interconnected, purposeful or voluntary networks, therefore, the concept of leadership or supervision at the central level on the Internet does not exist."
Political philiospher Shomiaya oakava also sentenced.
Britain
Mostly of the big areas are involved in big areas
"Yunnang province is considered to be a part of Mekong, which also includes Myanmar, Laos, Thailand, Cambodia and Vietnam."
"1%), and Singapore (12."
Together with this against CMB the total velocity of Sun is almost to the side of Crater or Leo.
Naaziiyon is the nearest to the which is murk anbuh was all the death bodies was return to the mamoor.
IN 1962 India fought a war with China over controversial areas
because when muslim use to compare his kingdom with qilafate rashida then they used to get despite
"In today's life, the status of computer is of such a general purpose tool, which basically depends upon a microprocessor."
Government System
the supreme commander of Allys duglis mac Arther and his staff played a solid rule to make out royal family from these cases
"In this modern era in these ten years where computer and internet has made too much progress and many organizations are providing services like google, it is ahead of everyone."
"The central portion of the country has lost water, It consists of deserts in which there are many oasis."
Usmania state allied with Germany in First World War after fall of its state and got vanished after getting defeat.
"In 1980s, after the Iran Iraq war, the relationship between the two countries never came on track. Therefore, on the Iraq conflict, Iran announced neutrality. Although it criticized the military action, it announced that it would stay out of the conflict."
This name was never kept before this.
Actually usmania literature and frech literature are quite close to each other
"Japanese Navy had become strong enough to strike at any time, anywhere."
Croatia
The answer given by 12 percent has not been given because of its immoral nature.
19 August - A suicide attack in the Iraqi city of Baghdad has killed 95 people and injured 600.
"Afghanistan (320,000 8%)"
Resorts such as Taif and Abha attracks so many people in the summer months.
Pakistan means the pure people's place which was named in 1933.
And also the way the planet atarad shown that izik neuton can't give this theory gravity and theory of izafiat shown resemblance
By moving along you reach nuna
"when she told this to her uncles son (cousin) warka bin nofal, he said if the things you have told me are tru then this person is really a propeht"
Turkey lodged a formal request for this purpose in 1987.
All three times hazrat ali aliha salam stood up and said although i am not young and my legs are weak but i will help you.
"Iqbal,Alama sir Muhammad"
They are in other countries as well
Website of Usman
Chance of elections is now in 2008.
"""""Aain Akbari ki Manzoom tafreez"""""
"it is understand from Indonesia's history,Universal problems,creation,partition,with democracy implementation and challenges and time of change with full speed"
Big big experts have praise the work of Lens
(see:problems of khabras)
In the decade of 1960 majority of the population were gypsies or semi gypsies but due to the great development in economy and cities now country's 95% population is stable.
The batsman can leave the field of play if he cannot bat any longer
14th April - Baluchistan united liberation front released united nation's office John Solki.
Economic System of the kingdom is based on its geography because trade routes between east and west crosses from the kingdom spread in three continents
"According to some experts, a strong defense strategy also prevented the Mongols from victory"
"On 3rd June 1942, at 12.30 Am, American B17 planes took off from Midway and undertook the first attack. But they were unable to hit the correct target therefore not much damage was done"
It was dived in two part.
during the period of Air force  march past was made to encouraged them.
"During the Pacific campaign, US and Philippine forces won the war of Letty against Japan."
Rules for playing game
According to some traditions during Khyber War a Jew woman gave him poison and because of it's effect he got ill.
Italy.
Arrival at the ground of Karbala
The central railway station of Faisalabad was built in the 19th century.
"Until the end of American cold war, American art creation had already started."
23 February.
"due to most population of Indonesia and in  area of Ganjalabaad,more Jivvedtha support is world's second largest"
Why were there no cases against them
June 25- Known American Pop singer Michael Jackson died.
"Bought the Applied Semantics in April 2003 for $102,000,000."
but according the current account Australia is on 4th place
The Emperor court had dispatched army to announce punishment to him for disobedience but Ashikaga Takauji had foiled its attempt.
Soldiers had to follow his kings.
1st March
they also presect who doubt of murag anboa in which there are likers of murag anbua are there
References
atom Bomb on Hiroshima
In china more than 100 linguistic groups are there but people democracy government of china believe in only 56
15 January
office of economy and social work
8th June.
"The northern states were against slave trade whereas the southern states were in its favor. They considered it to be an interference to their matters, as a major part of their economy was dependent on it"
"The United Nations according to 242 Act asked Israel to vacate all captured areas, but this has not been done to date"
"there were three different troops include yaya,scan and agha bolic  in Yani Chari."
"Like the word of """"Hindustan"""" Jinnah also opposed the word of India but later he agreed."
"These people were the ancestors of the current Australian aboriginees, who came here through the land of South Eastern Asia"
At that time on the japan country the government of japan was and they have used the nearest place to the japan.
He was born in present Iraq city Tikrit in 1138.
Photograph of Europe taken from space
those all called as speakers of Urdu
540 killed.
January 628)is when the war Bani Mustaliq started
Related articles
The officer's training ended in February 1921 and the same year more Turkish officers were sent to France for training.
"In such conditions, mediation from a power, i.e the government becomes necessary."
Roman letter of law
"IETF Joining lengths of optical fiber is more complex than joining electrical wire or cable. The ends of the fibers must be carefully cleaved, and then spliced together either mechanically or by fusing them together with heat. Special optical fiber connectors are used to make removable connections."
"reaches, and 6 runs when ball reaches directly out of the ground without bouncing"
It use for the basically to send the Video sterming.
Category:American invention
"After many days of bloody clashes, allied forces succeeded in capturing various parts of Northern Okinawa."
A Racial preference was seen in western culture and was seen in kingdom of Ushmaniya too.
He not only was true leader of Muslims but also true lawyer
According to some writings Prophet Muhammad(PBUH) married 11 times and in some writings 13 times.
"During the war 1,800,000 to 2,100,000 non-Jews Poland citizens were killed, in which 80% were Poland-born and the remaining 20% were minority people came from Ukraine and Belarus, and majority of them were general citizens."
"Some time later, the guardian planes reported that both of the targets are clear and there are no signs of fog or clouds."
Decided to implement
There is one other aspect of Hitler's personality which is known to very few people
Lesser Sunda Islands
Many changes are made recently in One day cricket to make it better
At this time of Telecommunication you will not found any area were equator needle didn't work
After which this region was conquered by the Muslims.
"After the formation of Pakistan, Mufti Azam said """" God has given us the land of Pakistan in return of Palestine"""""
British philosopher
"On 25 November, 25 passengers were killed in a Train Bomb Blast in Russia."
"Japanese army phoned the Chinese Regimental Commander, and said that they want to search the area in order to find their soldier."
Burrito and tacos have come from Mexico.
France is among the world's seven nuclear powers
This army showed its mettle against the traditional army of Shogun and established its skills
"Such women were known in military history as comfort women, and many of them even claimed that they were killed."
"In 1902, Abdul Aziz seized the Riyadh city from his opponent family, Rasheed dynasty, and proclaimed it the capital of Saud dynasty."
maney peple in japan was not beliving that ther country was drop the armes maney of them think that they lost or maney of them live the country they think that they lost.
He invented semi automatic ground environment programme through ARPA.
a post was Yani Chari afandi se who's actually was a Penny-a-liner and arrange pay mater was his responsibility.
16 March - 20 killed and 8 injured in American missile attack in South Waziristan.
Atomic attack on Hiroshima
Apart from these Maleische mingled with Archipelago and Archipel Indie (Nederlandsch Oost Indie) and this was Insulinde.
After entering the first thing you did was to destroy all statues from the Ka'aba and announced the end of statue worshipping and 'shirk'
Sindh
Nishanchi has do all the government matters and after that stamp of Sultan imposed
"Although people living outside Afghanistan have started doing business. For example, in 2005 an Afghan family of Dubai started a $2.5 crore plant of Coca Cola in Afghanistan."
"The Supreme Court is the country's highest court, and hears final cassation appeals and conducts case reviews."
"the individual instructions in operating system,present in the form of machine code rules like this has given one constant quantity which is called it's operation code"
"in 2004, i2 and in 2007 2 more countries came in European unions"
"Whereas a test match lasts 5 days, a Twenty 20 match lasts 4 hours"
The loss of Japanese Naval was so heavy that it could not even think of another attempt ever.
Australia is called as Most Flat continent.
jinnah in  was the main in between congress and muslim league which was the only platform for self defend and relief from britain in the form of freedom
In 1933 Einstein was transfer to America
"And on all four sides, pakistan's founder, Quaid e Azam's sayings"
August 23
"This organisation was used mainly Adsense, Adwords."
"He's head of Iub government Egypt sam, amen, Iraq,hizaz, and Thera parker this also cities."
Mogambo
Microsoft introduce fast data processing system with the name Windows in November 1985 When graphical user interface was growing.
21 million Australians are descendants of inhabitants of 19th and 20th century whose majority came from England and Ireland.
this stars create their energy almost with hydrogen which contains helium also
In okinawa in 5 June the rain has stopped
22 area is cultivated.
"Moreover, Ottoman warships also fought Portuguese warships near Goa in the Indian Ocean between 1538 and 1566 AD."
The World wide web is a universal space which is used for reading and writing
Emergency declared country wide.
From central to east there are two big rivers means Huwang and yantaiz delta
In the coming linkes has progress double and trible.
Atom bomb
"two broadcasting houses,three business television net work,several PY T V,many publicly, unprofitably television radio station are working in there Every big city publish its own newspaper and two  National newspaper also publish there.."
"31 January - Television, Internet and telephone services affected as a result of the wire getting cut"
"Government started to rectify this economic issue, in which Australian dollar was freed in 1983 and the financial system was deregulated"
jaalbin and habalah
"In north of it is Armenia, Azerbaijan, Turkmenistan and Qazwain sea in east there is Afghanistan and Pakistan, in south there is Persian Gulf and Gulf of Oman whereas in west there is Iraq and Turkey."
In this condition Imam ali proceeded to Mecca and from their he started preaching
"Was acknowledged internationally at that time, but in reality the puppet government was present in Beijing."
"His grandfathers name was Jinnah Maigji, who belonged to the Bhatia caste of the Kathiawar state of Gondal"
Saxony
"Meanwhile Nicolas Sarkozy have got most of the votes, which are 30%."
Indonesia history is that foreigner attract with there natural resources
Asma binte warwa killed by a blind zahabhi umer bin aof
In this result Europe started his movement and made his purpose to get freedom.
from 2007
"To save the nature and Bio diversity an act was released in 1999 ,it helps in saving the living creatures."
this situation was unacceptable for experts
Mazarat
Category: Member countries of SAARC
"In exchange of this help, Japan was given gold and stones as presents and along with this, Chinese language dictionaries. And sent their intellectuals to help Japanese learn writing."
construction and modern industries revolution
"The proposal was suggested the name Tiergarten Estrasa4 which actually was the address of a building in a town of Berlin. The central office of common welfare and state care was in the lead of Flib Bowler, who also was the curator of the personal embassy office and Carl Brandit was Hitler's personal doc"
Desktop interface of Linux is also increasing but Microsoft windows trend not abolished yet
I learnt about Islam that i have firm believe that Religion was not spread through sword
Peoples republic of china biggest religions are as follows :
powered by .After this he concentrated to the lines of enemies and said.
"1%), and Singapore (8."
General  Election in Argentina
Yogyakarta prefers this group in which during the revolution of  Indonesia.
"It is said that in the decade of 1960, Japan came up with such good economic policies that its gross national domestic product went up till 9 percent."
Since Japan has very scarce natural resources that it is why it fulfills its needs by importing raw materials from other countries of Asia and in the situation of war the import of raw material also faced the problem
Newspaper: Islam
Christian world till now has not given this much of unlimited force
But these rebels had a goal in sight
Province Hormozgan
Mohammad Ali Jinnah Bhai was his birth name.
Toilet Paper
"While presiding over that case and speaking in favor of his client, Jinnah stated that if an Indian talks about a free and autonomous government is his own country, then it does not come in the category of peace disruption or treason. Despite of that, Bal Gangadhar was sentenced to prison time with labo"
"Chief of intelligence, General Kenichi Doihara, Foreign Minister Koki Yaruta, War Minister sishiiro Itagagi, War Commander General Hitaro Kimora, War Commander General Iwanay Matsui and War Commander General Heday Kito (who later became Prime Minister) were given the death penalty"
Tabuk (Situated Near to Lebanon border a North Western city )
death of Hitler
He felt the networking by inventing IPTO which is Licklider.
"Defense attorneys also reasoned to include nuclear bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki among the war crimes, but were ignored. This court faced severe criticism due to that."
before Islam
president's apologies at the incident.
The history of Faisalabad is only 1 century older.
Culture
category: provoking system
History
River Ravi flows from the South east of the city at a distance of 40 kilometres
Einstein became an American citizen in 1940.
This wicket named to the bowler
Source of transport
"where test match continues for five days, twenty/20 match finishes in 4 hours."
6 February-there was sign on agreement to give Pakistan's harbour govader to Singapore authority
Even though the Japenese had stopped a big tank attack resulting in them destroying 22 tanks and killing 750 Americans
the ideas of 14th to 18th century about trading concept has included in second era and  ideologies of adam smth and after this has include in in third era .
"From World Wide Web, B + Log = Blog"
"religions stories which is most of confusious, taost and were budhist written with brush and ink"
with the extension of railway the people import exports started sharing quickly and with that the west extension got easy but gagging with indians got speed with that local security and culture came in danger
This victory of Muslims is considered to be an Arab victory which is incorrect as there were Muslims from many countries in that army
second: whatever happening in Muslim world it is not a new invention or changes
Bacon died and rebellion failed.
"In return for their agrement in Berlin Congress after defeat in the Russian Turk war of 1877, they had to give Cyprus to Britain in 1878"
Will stop itself from using force against any country's independence or political freedom
although after the  revolution of 1857 Mirza has written for help to Nawab Yousuf Ali khan and he has 100 rupees monthly pension for him and he has received it till the end of his life
"That time, the President is Abdullah Gül and the Prime minister is the Ex-Director Recep Tayyip Erdoğan where their wives have become members of the parliament."
The moral principles of Islam doesn't stop anyone to do a business
British Weapons making company B A E has was giving yearly more than 120 million dollars for more than 10 years
and the other form is like as beenign who presence makes destroy to any one
Riches
In 2000 BC the Aryans were the part of this place
Animal - Markur national animal.
Examination and deserving person is ownered in China
It means silk.
Orbital motion
"Canada and America's international business is 19% is no 1 after that China,Mexico and Japan was on next numbers"
According to vatastina sex is not any problem but doing improperly is the sin
Mission of Kokoda Trek
"In 1770 British arm forces fires a gunshot in a protest crowed in Boston, 5 men died."
In June 1788 most states accepted the union to form a new government.
"At the end of Hon,s government with division areas Zongoo's north part people has given new meaning"
The surfing Internet was invented by a famous library in 1992.
"Once this agreement was signed, the British, Russians and Velandri's also started saying that a similar agreement should be done with them as well"
Its members apart from five members of security council also includes the countries managing the trust areas.
The intensity of this subject could be determined from the fact that it is not stated as a part of Second World War.
"Saudi Travel Guide, Wiki travel."
the view of meqdaari equipments was arising in the period
cultural government were divided in to three branches whose implement is depend on other powers but it was done for check and debelance
all these beleivers of hazrat Isa & roman catholic protogonists
Kamasutra has helped the people to do intercourse and create attraction so it is considered as the leader of sexual progress.
Saleem Awal
Then the issue was to procure a bigger pump than it which could be done only by ordering it to a big company in Europe. Then the danger of secret being uncovered was there.
"Actually, the internet is a group of smaller intranets which are found at local levels. Together they provide various forms of data and services such as e-mail, online chatting, transfer of files, and a system of websites and the world wide web."
parents kept name mohammad iqbal
on this issue center of acquaint of Islam Pakistan (one shia group of Pakistan)on this views were written in answer to those questions in which quotations from 6 books of Hadith were given which is investigation documents 1 and documents 2 were present
The Dubai Ruler Shekh Muhammed bin Rashid al maktoom declared to donate 10 Arab Dollars to an educational institute of middle east.
San Juan the first European settlement on American soil was established on 18 August 1508 by Juan Ponce de Leon.
"Dharma is most important out of Dharma, Artha and Kama, while Artha has more importance then Kama (1-"
"After the permission, visitors in multitude had started coming from Europe. The number of travelers were so high that the King Richard was facing difficulties in sending them to Jerusalem. Being such, he had asked Salahuddin not to let any visitor to enter Jerusalem without his approval."
But unlike baseball it is not necessary for the batsmen to hit the ball or run after hitting the ball.
"In his short evangelical period, he made Islam the strongest religion in the whole Arab subcontinent, and setup an Islamic state, and created unity amongst the Arabs, which no one could have imagined previously."
"Legislature : Congress which is formed by Senate and house of Representative and they make Federal laws, declaration of war, acceptance of treaty and also included options of Prosecuted."
Republic of China
This is a visit practiced by the members of Shantoo religion to remember those souls who lost their lives between the year 1867 to 1951 serving the Kingdom of Japan or fighting for Japan.
"Besides the Mongols, this war also had a negative impact on the Japanese economy as nothing was won in this war"
22 January
Also announced to begin guerrilla activities in the region.
Conflict of Badar: On 17th of Ramzan 2 Hijery (17th of March 624) Conflict of Badar held between Muslims and pagans of Mecca.
on this topic markaz mutalyat islami pakistan (a shia organization of pakistan)a book inclusive view point was written like this book in which extraction from sahay sahaba were presented that is this:tahqeeqi dastaveez awal and tahqeeqi dastaveez dom.
Modern law against death
Japan succeeded in sinking USA's aircraft carrier Lexington and greatly damaging York Town by bringing swiftness in the invasion. That meant that both sides were heavily damaged.
category:ponder URL
"But it is a very hectic task , and it is very difficult in complex programs , to overcome this problem a mnemonic form way has been created with this kind of information a specific instruction are called"
The cabinet of the then Japanese Prime Minister Kantaro Suzuki was opposed to surrender.
It is the founding member of European Union and has the largest population and is the most powerful nation in Europe. It is the third most visited country in the world.
"Its economy is world's fifth and Europe's second largest, whose estimate is 2."
Holocate actually made with unani word okatoov which completely burn
As a result protests increased and Europe came under a cloud of depression
most animals are limited to plants and some places and most are going to disappeared
Lot of animals and plants will stay in the important place for a particular period of time and these are yet to be counted.
Beginning of ban on public and office smoking in Denmark
"ball used in test cricket, the ubhri patti is called seam in english"
new system
"August 15 Austria forces with his partner germany by isolating holland , belgium  reaches france territory"
"In Tokyo Olympics America was first with 36 gold medals,Soviet Union was second with 30 golds and Japan was third with 16 gold medals"
These divides into two parts.
after the islam liking views of rifah party their relations become bad with national peace council
Forts and stone-walls began to be constructed.
Jozjan
link identifier: this sort of special identifier which is used to collect the data of to some special source like computer file or papers etc
Belgium.
abdullah bin fajer returned with being very despite but kept aoun and Mohammad with him
"Despite the vast boundaries of the British Empire, English was not the communication language of the world till the 20th century, but it received this status after USA's success in the second world war and the spread of US culture throughout the world, the rapid development in communications technology "
the gosh was spread that Hani was murdered
7 June - Mian Muhammad Shahbaz Sharif nominated as Punjabs chief minister
saudi state in different organizations
"Miracles were witnessed upon his birth, which were mentioned in old heavenly scriptures."
"Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah was  the Pakistani  politician and the leader of All-India Muslim League in his leadership   Muslim got Independence ,in this way Pakistan came into being,he was appointed as a first governor-general of Pakistan."
"Compared to Japanese, Australians forces were more in numbers but were not trained in jungle-fighting and also lacked from latest weaponry and supplies."
19 percent  are ladeen
Blogs is a collective of blog and the one who creates it is known as a Blogger and he keeps so many blogs with him.
Burg dubai has given the status of highest building in the world
Category: The history of Islam.
Hazrat fathima born by Khadicha.
"This party came into being in 1955 when Mr poshida shegro leadership Labour party and Mr Agero atoyama leadership , japan democratic party came into being"
All these experiments cannot be encircled because all the matter concerned with these experiments was sent to William institute of Dr. Atmaroon Wersharek.He destroyed all the material.
"Apart from that, approximately 20,000 to 200,000 people were given the same treatment."
rawi river is in the city side of south east far for 40 km
"has invented semi automatic ground environment program ARPA, for IPTO one information processing technology office which is done first time"
8. translation
category: places of Pakistan
You (PBUH) reached Mecca in 10 days.
The legislation rights are with Assembly which consists of 290 elected members and represents the local and religious communities for a period of four years.
Mirza Ghalib actual name was asad ullah khan baig
China role from beginning till now have came across with many modifications.
Players and Administrators
Historians got this information from the letters between Mileva and Einstein exchanged from 1897 to 1903
Category - Iranian
1973 A.D. ruled Afghanistan for 40 years.
Germany had strict conditions. And it had to pay the winning countries a large some of money as a fine.
sri lankan army killed the allys
Earlier The risk was capital of France.
Culture
"For their details and more protocols, refer to their specific pages and the list provided upon those pages."
The sea side of Iraq is very small with the Persian Gulf which is called the mother of castles and it's near the Basra.
16th May-25 people killed in Drone Attacks of America in North Waziristan.
third Ahmed
As a result of earthquake of 1 Richter Scale 60 persons were killed.
This wicket is written in no ones account
Their per capita income is higher than western Europe.
Like other developed nations the number of old people in Australia is rising.
Before Mo-half there was big numbers of Muslims.
"When it started, yahoo ruled the market and MSN was right behind it."
Hitlers popularity was due to the agenda of his party and in the future only due to that agenda not only Germany broken into two parts and also Hitler is considered to be one of the worst personalities of the history. Today in Europe name of Hitler is considered as a curse like the name of yazid is in M
"At Athens,unan America has having their governing bodies and it aimed by them with less power missile."
"He was amazed himself, and used to say that 'as long as I remain on the horses' back, no pain is felt, but as soon as I dismount it, pains creep up again'."
ottoman Empire established Air Force Academy at Istanbul on 3 July 1912 to train its own Pilots and to build aircrafts and train officers.
"according to law for relief city services Jews have prevented from hospitals,law and buying land"
"Taking care of non religiousness, democracy and Attaturks changes are the agenda of the army"
"Like India and China, many sects of Buddhism due to ideological differences were also formed in Japan."
Mean like light waves have dual nature than light waves has lighting elements mean also have nuclear elements this is also called nuclear element
"In most of its thousand years of history, Hindustan remained divided in small areas"
"Annually 50,000 were enrolled"
On both side of pitches there are wickets which dug into the floor which is called in English language as Stumps
He has never harmed any person for his personal matters.
The post of Sheikh al Islam was the biggest after the Premiership.
"For most of the colonial period, Dutch control over the archipelago was tenuous outside of coastal strongholds; only in the early 20th century did Dutch dominance extend to what was to become Indonesia's current boundaries."
February 26
"Parliament: Congress - which is formed by Senate and House of Representatives - creates federal laws, declares wars, ratifies agreements, and holds the power of impeachment."
Those Samurai's who bravely fought against Mongolians were rewarded.
suwwait union and china criticized on that
Almost 100 people killed in pakistan area of dir because of asmani bijile
"In the month May,June and July the weather is extremely hot"
Ahal e sunnat beliefts that it is 17 Rabi awwal correct.
Jamuna river flows on the back of it and at front below the chair is a pool.
Iqbal's vision woman
Democracy and Atatürk revolution and there belief in the safety
majar Hazrat Baber Sulthan Kathiri Mathina town.
Chinese took this war as to beat Japanese any how
Political pressure and immigration.
qilafath of abdullah bin zubair
in the news paper to give  mohmmed the news geting vrey fast to us with this news paper
Many times Muslims and Muhammad himself tortured.
Faisalabad the city of Textile.
In 1940 chinese red forces have a big attack on north and destroyed railway lines and coal mines
Dry dock
It revolves in the direction of the Cygnus constellation and 22.
"Msuritius (5,74,000,"
"In order to get a decision on the case, the investigation continued and 1781 pages were made"
"A """"secondary portion"""" is a remote, or such an important portion of a document which directly states the relationship between the publisher or writer and the general titles (or related matters) of the document, and contains no such thing which directly comes under the heading of general title."
She never given any harm to any person.
Horror full quake in Peru.
in 1956 first law imposed in Pakistan
part 6: Tuayf
"Whenever Japan has surveyed the situations the revel voices as rest from china, Korea, and Taiwan."
"But generally """"Linux"""" is taken as complete management."
"He had relationship with Mileva, and she late became Einstein 's wife"
"After second world war for a period German historians have used the term """"Volkermord"""" which means Massacre or whose full sentence """"Volkermord an den juden"""" which means """"Massacre of Jews"""" for this although nowadays in Germany this is generally known as """"Marg Ambooh"""" or """"Sooh"""""
There wealth and respect were because of Kaaba.
Relations with Europe
chapter1: The lovers in the selection of guys advice
By seeing his head Ibne ziad will play with his lips and became happy
Seventeen person killed and 35 injured in a suicide bomb attack in police lines in the city of  Dera Ismail Khan in Pakistan.
33 people died in bomb blast in the Iraqi city of Baghdad.
"Besides this apple pie, pizza and hamburgers have either come from European foods or have changed European foods slightly"
"Right until the US atomic attack Japan had sought the aid    of Russia to search for ways of achieving peace with USA and the allied powers, but failed to achieve success because Russian had already promised after the defeat of Germany it would declare war on Japan;this despite the fact that a non-aggre"
Albert Einstein
"At that moment, 14 planes from Enterprise and 12 from York Town had taken flight in order to assault Japanese navy."
Mustafa Kamaal Atratark
Category : Cultural website
The current area of Turkey is one of the worlds oldest civilizations where people have been living continuously
The army sent by Yazid martyred Prophet's grandson Imam Hussain(peace be upon him) and his friends and family.
Muslims revolted against Spain and 1543 and they successful in the war.
still on the soil of hazaz as kabar sahad and akabrin were there who saw the period of sarkar
"By 1914, 40,000 more Christians had reached Palestine from Europe and Russia"
The batting style of Pakistani batsman Mohammad Yusuf
I consider Quaid e Azam as a great leader who fought with the war against the British
Usman website
Foreign contact
Feburary 630) war started
and like this with mosque schools also grew
Irans Security forces Pasdaran-e Inqilab has told he killed 17 Terrorist . where they came in iraq near the border of Iraq and Turkey.
This type of wicket will be credited to bowler.
Jakarta -- Jakarta
"The year in which prophet PBUH) was born,  Qrash had down position in its live hood before that year. .but in that year earth  became well-watered and trees became lush green and Qrash awarded with strong  economics situation."
Suicide attack on kohat cantt mosque
"Most of the killings happened during the massacre. For example from 120,000 to 200,000 common men were killed during the Warsaw mutiny."
2 year afters in 1582 neonaka was killed in a temple but they could not occupied is kingdom.
"Along with the expansion in the boundaries of the British Empire, this language also spread throughout the world such as in USA, Canada, Australia and New Zealand after getting out of England. Nowadays, it is the official language in many of the former colonies of Britain or USA, which also include Paki"
"In medical terminology, such a liaison between male & female in which the sperm from the male's body is transferred into the female's body, is called 'Jama'a'."
Afghanistan was divided in many parts from sixteenth century to eighteenth century
During this time the city population was 1986000
Most of the area is deserted but the area between the river of Tigris and the river of Uphrates is very cutivative.
notes:Baiynal afwaami ma asheen
12 May - Earthquake in China of 7.
"The last attempt under United Nations' supervision to find a solution to the Cyprus Crisis ended on 24 April, 2004."
"Clock House was constructed within 2 years at the expense of 40,000 Rupees."
Election Commission of Pakistan
"At that time, he was serving as Japan's Minister(?) to Shanghai."
It was one of the most certain weapon for the source of winning the war.
The external forces have always tried to keep it in their control
companies has been opened for the business and trading for the Muslims.
Qing's Kingdom was the last kingdom of China.
Other then this it is there in so many countries
First after establishing his government in Kandahar Ahmed Shah Durrani consumed all of his efforts to make Afghanistan a country.
Yet after the severe attack the inquiry committee did not left there job and did all the best possible to file the protest.
prime ministers handles all issues(beckon) & the issues were with beckon
Than they besieged Port Arthur and blockaded the Russian harbor Vladivostok in the Pacific Ocean.
These are the 10 ways to out batsman The first six are very common and last 4 are very rare.
"On 6 June 1950, then US Admiral General MacArthur wrote a letter addressed to the Japanese Prime Minister Shigeru Yoshida warning him to remove suspected members of the Japan Communist Party from government jobs and public positions."
Most of the officers of German were disturbed from this racial attack.
netherzakzan
A circle is drawn at the distance of 4 meters it is called as in-field or inscribed circle.
President Ghulam Ishaq Khan dismissed the government.
although japan was the first Asian country who established new society as western countries but was not like 19th century's germany
Pakistan has a very old and colorful civilization.
According to American political culture the Republican party is called as the right arm party or conservative party whereas the democratic party is called as the left arm party or Liberal party.
Summary
The majority were Turkish
Sweden.
Migration
"Currently the city population is 19,86,0000"
South west have big mountain areas which infertile and deserts like taklaman and desert gobi
"On 7th May, both armies continuously attacked each other for 2 days, in which Japan's lighter naval base Shohu drowned whereas on the other side America's large naval ship was greatly damaged."
it was high demolish that no one remain left to cry
"Rock, Pop, Soul, Hip hop, Country, Blues and Jazz are those music of this country which is internationally recognized."
When conditions were bad in Afghanistan after invitation from Afghani communist Russia had landed their soldiers in Afghanistan.
can be forecasted.
"In 630, he moved towards Mecca with the 10000 migrants"
"from 1639 to 1635 This Babylonian epic poem arises from stories in Sumerian. Although the Sumerian stories are older (1640 to 16123) The epic deals with themes of heroism, friendship, loss, and the quest for eternal life."
"98[] classification out side 180 from 111st in 2009 (99) GDP's development's roses,  both in 2004 and 2005 is more than 5 percent, more increase is expected, 100[] this type of rate of development, although , was not sufficient to make an important effect."
There were 56 great people who signed on this declaration
Britain
Saudia Arabia faclilitates the worldwide establishment of mosques and Quran schools
Germany is the name of country situated in middle Europe
"the total diminution of Faisalabad is 5,856 km, in which Faisalabad consist on 830 km"
"now the sun is passing from on Jada Sher places in which the closest sequin 50, which are from earth 17 light year 1)."
"On unemployment, 101) Salaries have been stabilized and fuel prices increased. Prices of rice have risen for an all time high, something that has had an impact on poor people."
only 12 percent homes were saved
Its economy is the fifth largest in the world and second largest in Europe which can be assessed by the foreign exchange reserves of
This is also your money.
because samarage ladies has put there hands in many  pleases of Asia at this situation if japan inter in there place its not good
At last the owner of the Google accepted the truth of this fears in these words:
An agreement arranged between All-India Muslim League and Indian National Congress due to his struggles.
References.
"After this Yisrael Gutman and Robert Rozet completed an investigation team on the holocaust, and they quoted the Jewish deaths in the holcaust as 5860000 instead of 5559000"
Ching Gua
Means wealth can also be taken in discussion just because it is a mean to fulfill the requirements of human.
All the document and papers were kept safely.
Chaper 10 - Love starting and ending
This phenomenon was first presented by Max Plank
"As much as I read about Islam, the faith strengthens that this religion did not spread through swords"
Others : Germany
"In the past the Rocky Mountains were famous for their volcanic activities, but now there is only one area which is active with respect to volacnoes"
13 February- 5th day of continuous heavy rains in all over Pakistan
Faisalabad Radio (Government)
"on north uzbek, on west Iran, and in the south moghul and pishton esatblished their kingdoms"
"He would be obidient to the law, system and customs and he would lay his head down in front of the Sharia'at."
Apart from this the city is also surrounded by the oceans.
on 20th October continuosly after four hours of firing United started getting down in beach area during this fight started with Japanese army
The passed laws from assembly are sent to head of the assembly for approval.
"America made a law in 1973 for the safety of the types who are in danger of extinction, that to give these types safety within their natural atmosphere."
The 'partnership' or 'mating' of hypertext and Internet is cited as the most important reason behind this magnificent success of Tim.
"He wrote a book in German, named """" Der Judenstaat"""" means The Jewish State, who's translation in English held in April 1896."
The script of early twentieth century's Mandarin language is considered to be the standard script of Chinese language or 'Bai Hua'.
Province Kharasan South
In last days of the second World War on 30th of April 1945 Hitler suicide with his newly wed bride Eva Braun in his underground residence in Berlin.
makdona
language change:with original language hide codes letters depend one assembly language which will select this which will be shown on Auction
Book of Roman Urdu alphabets
The Japan Socialist Party treid to stop the lawmakers of the ruling Liberal Democratic party from entering the house of senate
The first was about the lights energy
"He said that despite our army's bravery and our nations services, things have taken a bad turn that they are not in favor of Japan"
"muslim league(N), took the believe vote with the favor of ANP"
"In the year 628 (6 Hijri), the Prophet Muhammad went from Medina to Mecca along with 1400 Muslims"
Pakistan Means pure.
"May 14, American bombing in Bajoor, South Waziristan, 20 died including women and children"
They declared the country's political and economic system as corrupt. They wanted to change by bringing in state socialism
Relationships were built with three kingdoms of Korea.
Remember that Hendrik  Lorentz and  Henri Poincare has already come.
22 June - Federal Budget passed Strength of judges increased to 29.
In search of Needy
Saudi Arabia's most popular sport is football.
An investigative debate in some of these countries can land you in prison for 3-10 years or get you a fine
In 1996 January Larry Page and Sergey Bein study's to University of California students.
Carl Marks
it was the iqterah of Richard stalmen and these equipments were made GNU on the basis of Linux
culture
Khairuddin Pasha Baryosan in 1538 in a jang Paryonra has destroyed many positions and give a worst deafeat
Benefits reached the tradesmen due to new roads and better communications system.
From here a street goes to Chenab club
Leader of sikhs
Prime President
"All the laws of federal and state government is revised, which is against the constitution in all form and Judiciary can also end them."
"Saudi Arab 1,382,000"
They are forced to came to Capital abdo once in a year
"National Flag was given to Constituent Assembly on August 11, 1947"
Hitler death news in american newspaper
Prophet Usman
"You can take the help from these documents, which are being approved by the authority which is being converted into lesson no 4. While carrying out this work, you must ensure that the documents must be read appropriately and interpreted the best way so as to extract the real and correct meaning of the c"
18th April
"On 12 October 1492, Columbus had landed in the east coast area of America."
2)In territorry of Jeddah November & Januvary %$ ml
January
"First torture cell was created in March 1933 in Machuo for the socialists, communists, trade unionists and other forces opposing the Nazis."
"It means that """"Made from silk"""" or where silk came from"
"he sto him from going forward, the sender of Mohammad bin ashat brought a news that Muslim bin Aqeel has been killed at salbi"
"In the year 1543, Portugal's three merchants who were on board of a Chinese ship, reached Tanigashima, a small island, located in the south of Kyushu."
Boxers rebellion which happened in 1900 created more destruction
Japanese electronics products also developed rapidly after the second world war.
19 December
Sindh
Test cricket is very old category of cricket which was started playing in 1876/1877
More than 200 injured
Ghazva Bani Kuraiza: Zi Qa'ad
In the 19th century Usmaniya and other countries got a high portion.
this year 1892 he has Britains Graham industry appointed as training profession one business like which is very much related with Panjubhai's Jinnah work
"Later on, Soviet culture was enforced according to the limits set by the government during the reign of Joseph Stalin."
twenty-seven October.
more than 500 people were arrested in Pakistan.
"In 1916, a agreement between All India Muslim League and Indian Natoinal Congress was also done through the effotrs of Jinnah."
United from outer nations.
In test match if there is no result during an alloted match that it is called draw
The Samurais who bravely fended off the Mongol aggression were rewarded.
"Hugely magnifying this number, Ian Hancock - administrator of Romanian Studies and Romanian Documents in Texas University, Austin - presents as estimate of 500,000-1,500,000 casualties."
yahoodis were made out from colleges and schools ( more student according to the law ) and were given unable for journalism or any other thing
National Anthem
This area was declared as center of Lower Chenab Colony and afterwards given status of Municipality
"Jinnah while prosecuting this case, said stating evidence in the favor of his client that if an Indian talks of freedom and independence in his country, so this does not fall under the category of Breaching of Peace. Even after this, Baal Ganga Dhar was sentenced for life in this case."
Rizwi Khawasaan Province
April 4
"in its North there is Canada, Mexico in South, and Atlantic Ocean in east and Pacific ocean is in West"
Prophet Bilal
Hazrath Yaqoob (a.s) while leaving Egypt hand over Mosque of Aqsa to people of Palestine who are good people but they are not from Bani Israel
"At 02:00 AM on 10 August, Prime Minister Suzuki left the decision over to the Emperor to see what he decides."
Chapter 4: Manipulation
Battle of the coral sea was fought from 4th may to 8th may 1942.
"His rising reputation as a successful lawyer attracted the attention of a prominent Indian leader, Bal Gangadhar. Therefor, Bal Gangadhar contracted Jinnah's services as a lawyer, in order to enable him to preside over his case, which was based around the allegations of disrupting the peace leveled at h"
Christianity
A number of Japanese Christians were put to the sword.
In Saudi map the provinces are numbered and information about them is given in information boxes.
"Parliament Queen of Commonwealth consist of two Houses, Senate in which there are 76 members and one house of representatives which has 150 members."
Huzoor released her & married her
Bamyan
"Between the eighth and 10th centuries CE, the agricultural Buddhist Sailendra and Hindu Mataram dynasties thrived and declined in inland Java, leaving grand religious monuments such as Sailendra's Borobudur and Mataram's Prambanan."
After many attempt In september 30th 1965 anti forces were came in for the purpose of to solve communist problem.
"It is surrounded by Indian, South and Atlantic ocean."
New Press Ordinance in Pakistan.
Britisher general hag also was not able to face germans gernelus
Drought in Korea in 1882
you please seat i keep this bottle very carefully
On 20th of November 8 people died in American drone attack in Village of Mir Ali.
Pakistan is located in the North Western part of South Asia.
its clay is the oldest and less cultivated
References
the substitute names of Urdu and English
Australian culture has much inspiration from sports.
"Bülent Ecevit formed the country's latest coalition government on 5th may 2000, against the FP, with the second-placed MHP and the fourth-placed motherland Party as a junior partner."
They didn't spot any allied ship in the surrounding region.
"28 June - Army operation in Khyber Agency, Bombardment on terrorists locations."
April 30
there is big impact of sea on the climate
Prime Minister Suzuki  after meeting with the Emperor called for a meeting of The Supreme Council at 10 a.m.
The average temperature for the winters is 8 to 20 degrees centigrade (47 to 68 degrees farenheight)
This can be included as a part of history.
"Indonesia Latin Indus related and greece nesos , the meaning is """"Ireland"""""
Iqbal view of lore
"The extreme northern island is Hokaido. after this Hansho, then Shikook, then Kyusho and Okinawa. Japans 47 divisions whos name are given in the list below"
Beginning & basics
Religion
Philippines was a major supplier of rubber to Japan
Chapter 1: Friends discussion is selection of lover.
"Like this, before the creation of Britain and till now, Indonesia has been remaining a trading center."
9 was the holy day of Muharram.
"Some part of its body got mixed in the earth, some part separated and got launched in the space, and some part after release came under the force of gravity of the earth as a result of which the moon came into being."
in china while the period of badshah kingdom the philosophy of Confucianism got favor of government and without getting perfect on it no one could get royal job
Euro
"in Indonesia there were minimum 150 glacier(70 Krakatao and Tamboora,two of them was there in the eruptions in this"
June 19 - Pakistani Defense Ahmed Muqtar has announced to end operation SWAT soon.
A beginning of ban on smoking in offices and public places in Denmark.
"In these 3 eras hindustan (currently India, pakistan and Bangladesh) remained divided in small small states"
"I am the result of Prophet Ibrahim's prayer, Prophet Isa's morale and my father's dream, which turned up when I was born and that ignited massive lights in the Palaces of Syria."
The idea of web is the result of a combination of four basic concepts and thought processes.
"Today, only 24 states of United Nations maintain relations with the Republic of China."
Many Governments came and were finished between 1951 and 1958
As a result of this war the great Khilafat of Muslim ended
"ETH gives the job to first three, but not to him and the fifth position holder Mileva Maric."
each inning is divided in overs.
"During Japans war preparations, the Americans had decipherd a secret code JN 25, which was a great victory for Admiral Nemter"
In addition Ottoman ships fought with Portuguese ships near Goa in Indian ocean in between 1538 to 1566.
They also has been objected to the arrangement of peace in Middle East and allegedly help the anti Israel groups in Palestine and in Lebanon.
It is said that the flames had engulfed an area of about 16 square miles.
4 April
For:Europe
"8 percent were living below the line of poverty, the power of purchasing on America .1"
on 5th June the rain in Okinawa was stopped
rachna doaab
Province is called VILAYAT in Afghanistan like Vilayat Badakhshan
"14 May - American bombing in Bajaur, south Waziristan. 20, including women and children killed."
"In answer to the creation of international communist organization, Commintern, Germany and Japan signed the Anti-Commintern Pact. According to which, either nation would consult each other to protect their interests in case of a Russian invasion of Germany or Japan."
Murad the fourth
120 killed in which soldiers and different people are also included.
6. the treasure of papers
Two wars were fought by British men for this purpose.
"Naturally, he tried to gain the support of Christians and Christian missionaries in order to down his enemies."
Baluchistan
"Jinnah had three brothers and three sisters,Ahmad Ali,Bundy Ali and Rehmat Ali were in brothers Marriam Jinnah,Fatima and Sherrin Jinnah were in sisters."
"The department of Defence is being run by the American armed forces which includes the army, navy, Marine corps and airforce"
german evacuate thousands of yahoodi from vaarsa to tarbalanka companies
External link
American missile attack killed many people including children in Pakistan area
China and Japan has too much live lost and chinese forces defeated in Non geng but it is admitted how it is difficult to defeat
Its population is increasing day by day because of being an industrial city.
he was the found of free nation na dtook part in many political impulse
helplessly Muslim Bin Aqueel have taken shelter under one old women hut but her son in hurry of prize inform this to Ibne Ziyad
Long drive seasons there is changes in climate and sometime there is storm.
Saudi Arabia most famous sport is Football
10th March - There were several suicide attacks in Iraq on the Holy occasion of celebration of Imam Hussain's martyrdom.
United nation announce that compared to last year more people got died this year in Afghanistan
Suicide attack in Iraq killed more than 100 shias
Legal repression and emigration
after all martyred ahle baet at the point of keeping their head even on point of nyzun taken to ibne ziad court and then taken to yazid court in damushq.
In this tenure Former foriegn minister abdullah gul has given the position of President
"In the rescheduled elections of 2007, Justice and Development Party had gained a huge majority and without any alliance with other party, they formed the government all alone."
Isna asari
"you can ape or divide this documents in any part based on trading or non trading this permission notice property rights notice,and other permission notice this will implement on that present every where"
"In the beginning of Cold War, USA achieved many successes in space science and technology and also started the space race."
"Chairman of the central executive committee of the All Russian Congress of Soviets (1917 to 1922), Chairman of the central executive committee of the All Russian Congress of Soviets (1922 to 1938), Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet of USSR (1938 to 1989), Chairman of the Supreme Soviet of USSR (1989 "
"in adqaam there is only one copy is required, and can be copied more and non developed parts"
He 25 zil Qaida 10 feb 632 (ad)started from Madina
More emphasized was on Anti Anti Satellite system Program
initial period
"country's north part area shows equatorial climate and here rain forest,common forest,grass grounds,mangrove area and desert"
"Its population stands at 21 million and it is spread across the mainland capital cities of Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane, Perth and Adelaide."
"Other than personal matters, issues of Physics were also discussed in those letters"
Einstein was a full mania supporter of establishing  sahooni state Israel in fillistin
"January 22- An long annular solar eclipse  of this century occurred on ,January 22."
"Because of the weakness of the Federal Government, the Constitution of 1787 had to be formed"
June 19
The Muslims won this war
Category: World Wars
if Jews were considered as attack of Marg Anbu which is at least  million  Jews were effected
malta
August 21
Mount Kosciuszko is ranked as the highest mountain of Australia standing at a peak of 2228 meters.
Their Serch Engine is named as BackRub( BackRub) and carried
"Europe is one of the seven continents of the world, however geologists do not consider it to be a continent but consider it to be the Western island of Eur Asia"
To stop attack of Japanese china also sent 4500 forces
Muhammad Cheh Aram
This flag was presented in the national assembly by Liaqat ali Khan
"This result in the German economy deteriorating, and resulted in the Right wing political parties becoming strong"
Patrick White was awarded with noble prize in 1973.
And whether you are following the terms and conditions or not the orders should be done.
The difference found between Buddhism and Shantuism was solved such that now influential Bakhsu Geogi was given the duty to find the solution for this who prayed for seven days at the door of worship place named Amaat Rasu and then asked for opinion.
after deafaeat in & joshwag Sanssmarg They bfriended eastern powerful countries& agreed to have sea shore countries Ethe farmers of joshwag wrer trained& the rules were sold to America
Germany had a plot to attack on France.
"However, in such a wide and solid sultanate, there were different dialects were spoken by the people and, in the latest days, French and English were also spoken widely by Muslims."
"Iqbal , Allama Sir Muhammad"
According to an estimate this mass murder started at a time when the Japanese forces entered Jiangsu in the middle of November and it continued till the end of March 1937.
Ghazwa Khyber: Muharram 7 AH (May 628 AD)
"Therefore, he used all kinds of tactics in order to fend off such elements."
In July 2007 a name Postni institution was sold at 620 million USD
They didn't find any enemy there so the war didn't happen but my tribes agreement took place and Muslim power was famous at Arab
6th march.
14 January - 10 people killed in bomb blast in Karachi's area of Quiadabad
"A year later, Japan joined the United Nation’s Economic Commission for Asia and the Far East."
"Yahoda Bawar writes that due to lack of information was Roma doubts and it's doubtful manner due to that there was no reputation in them and culture of Romania were in doubt,in ashiwishtak there body and external were found"
S
"After the first half of the 19th century Chinese economy and army strength increased, and non Chinese social and political institutions increased their influence in China"
"Howevere most experts do not consider the killing of nationalists and political figures as part of the Holocaust, which is only considered to be the killing of Jews"
These arts had american influences become a part of them
Now he started studying in Eth
Anu qza had alliance with Hazrat Muhammed. Where as his anti Banu Bakar was with mecca.
A clock from Bombay was brought to install over the clock tower
"According to estimates this atomic attack killed 40,000 people and injured 60,000 and till January 1946 it was estimated that 70,000 have been killed"
Innings and no of balls depend on type of game
Barcelona.
This promise general permission complete it which is used to general software distribution
"category, historical effects"
tell Ahle-e-tashi
This wicket is not written in anyones account
The stairs and pillars inside the watchtower have started losing their plaster
The amount of dies on only Halla are ninety.
"5th of February - a suicide attack on army base in Rawalpindi, 10 died including Colonel, 45 injured."
the ground at the western end of the Apalanches is relatively flat. The Great Lake and the Mississipi river which is the worlds 4th largest river exist there
Republic of China
"From 3.4 million, 3.1 million Polish Jews(90%) and 2million Polish Non-Jews (6%) were killed by Germany."
21[] the following of Dutch and Britain
Situation
the oldest documents related to old bones till war laws still remained here.
"the internet corporation for assigned names and numbers whose starting procedure is ICANN actually it one group which is internet domain name protocol address,protocol port with parameters numbers wil produce in that"
His soldiers attack the south Russian and north India.
"Both forces began activities against each other in Liaodong Peninsula, Mukden, around Korea and Japan's ocean territories and in the Yellow River."
"Prince Shotoko dedicated himself to Buddhism, which changed Japanese society and resulted in peace and prosperity"
Making Palestine a Christian state was so that it could become their place and this could not be done without capturing the Palestian property of kicking them out
This name gave Him (PBUH)his grandfather Abdul Muttalib.
"After receiving this message, admiral nagumo ordered to change the ammunition loaded on aircrafts to attack american ships."
16 April - Olympics flame came to Pakistan after 44 years
George Washington supervised the continental army during the revolutionary war because the second continental congress had accepted the announcement of independence on 4th July 1776.
It is usually thought that real China is that which lies between the Wall of China and the uneven mountain ranges of Tibet.
"More than 70-75 generations have passed between me and him, still I respect him and his clan, whereas, you have killed a the grandson of Prophet and you take pride in doing so"
His PBUH) Kunniyat (Patronymic)P was Abu al  Qasam.
Qom Province
Statue of Barbarossa near the Turk Naval Museum situated along the Bosporus Strait in Istanbul
"Because he did not belong to any religious belief, he was therefore being hampered by the Buddhism's Bhikshoos (clerics)."
"As the people of Medina has accepted the Allegiance, Waleed bin Afbah then ordered to attacked the city."
In Pakistan Capital geo Tv
building a runway for 29 planes on these islands will make the attacks easy .
15th August
Albert Einstein.
"On 27th april 1978, Sardar daood was killed in another rebellion"
Japan's 8000 soldiers took over the royal palace on 8th June 1894 and removed the King of Korea. And gave the power to Japan's supporter group.
there are more than 17000 types of plants and trees in America of which 5000 are in California alone
this areas is not far from wiladio istok
Ibne zyad called hani to present the Muslim and they refused and this consequences they were put in the bar.
Crochet
Three Million people participated
Category:South Asian Countries
From 1803 to 1848 this new nation saw a three time increase in population because settelers were pushed to the western borders.
The yayeevay race advanced from the side of Korea in a large number.
Vasthiyan's opinions suhbath tari Very importance to life.
And this habit was promoted primarily by Moulvi Mir Hassan
Which is diplomatic and policy situation is made very good in the vensya.
Mount Augustus is considered to be the world's biggest rock.
Batsman should carry his bat when scoring run
"According to them, 100 prisoners were killed that way."
In economy complete employment can get born by itself and supply creates its own demand
Weather has deep influence of oceanic air waves
General elections in Argentina
Category : India
March 16 - American Missile Attack  Killed 20 and 18 injured in South Vaziristan.
right now in Linux two versions of consumer level are popular
astria in 1879
Muslim league was get success for Muslim seats for the election of 1946 and Jinnah directly started a plan for establishing Pakistan that affected to Congress and Cogress leaders done riot among the groups of North Asia.
Japanese leaders were unhappy with Korean Peninsula.
Related articles
first war on coral sea was to see his fate but got defeated after that madwain war the japan sea army got weak. but japan considered important & wished not to change
"When German was not given any reply, Japan Announce the war."
The golden period of conquests and successes ceased by the end of the 16th century.
When those poet crosses their limit and with their digg they cause severe pain to Hazrat Muhammad then those three were killed by their own tribes.
on 27 june 1950 peace council by one order criticized north korea on its action and made a force action against them
Bauyrya
Saeed ahmed khan like mirza ghalib a lot
but no impavt on kofi and their masters
they were 72
The uneven mountain ranges have been occupied by Tibet from the beginning.
paper
This treaty and written constitution deterred the tribal communities (Basmuli and Donasari) of Medina to wage a war against each other
Saud in Arabic Medium established an University in the name of King Saud in 1957.
"Last talk on reconciliation was failed. After that Imam Hussein informed his supporters 'whoever wants to go, they have my permission'."
in 1977 due to increase in population Lailpur was given development from municipality to municipal corporation
victory of Mecca
"The constitution is a live document and it can be edited in many ways, but this approval is also given by the state majority"
In the these circumstances the demand for Japanese products rose as a result of which the Japanese traders and investors got rich. And they increased the investment rapidly.
Control on Population
at the start tokaido shinkassan there speed was 210 kilometer per hour than there speed increase to 2003 which is a world record because of magnetic system
which said as powerfull land areas shold pay 10 parts
We call this civilization amongst rivers.
astria in 1879
"He born in Budapest, and got educated Vienna."
"After getting up from the bed when I saw the mud he had given me, was seen with blood"
"Since Samurai's were knowing the conditions of the area, they had done a great struggle, but the victory is achieved by Mongolians."
August 8
This bribery was given to make agreements of $40 Billion regarding the British weapons.
initially this family migrated to saaiwal near to Multan
"The major part of the economy of the country is its natural means like coal, oil , and valuable metals."
In this automatic employment can be get.
19 March
Category : 1038 killings
Japanese army to attacked on allys sea ships was ready
Faisalabad radio (Official)
15 and 16 decades is the period of wars with blood.
Why they were not broad in code.
Culture
Taoism and budhism and confusism are the big religion from 2 thousand years
President Pervaiz Musharraf gave Pakistan's military command in the hands of Ashfaque Kiyani
Chapter 1: Provoking of sexual attraction
"ON May 1942, the civilians of Roma had laws published for them, like was done for Jews"
this system is to over come from the problem of the differences.
12% land is arable but only 0%
21 October-in north vaziristan due to America's drone attack 3 people were died in which meena alqaeda's leader Abu Ayub Ansari was also there
Pakistan's 96
26th May-Supreme court permitted former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to take part in elections.
"Council holds the power to veto the Assembly, local councils, presidency and the representatives of News Assembly."
gazva hanin: shawwal 8 january
in Hub main targets were Chinese civilians who were saved
"This site is an independent wiki, that is it allows anyone to edit a page by clicking 'edit page' in any article."
In 1991 Microsoft was of his knowledge product.
"The failure of Mariana's Campaign and Philippine campaign in the southwest Pacific Ocean and Saipan damaged Japan considerably, and later, the allied forces had infiltrated the Japanese soil after USA's capture of Iwo Jima and Okinawa islands."
"Triangle of Pascal, which is called as triangle of Yong Hui in China was discovered by Chia Huzain, Yong Hui, Zowshi G and Lu Johzia 500 years before the birth of Pascal."
"435 square miles, 940 peoples colony even though (67"
Chapter 5: Guardian and his responsibilities
"These people have big eyes and thick hairs on the body, whereas the majority of Japanese population in modern day Japan has short hairs on the body."
Part 5:wives of strangers
Category: Urdu
But the difference is removing as time passes on.
In the writing of Einstein he pointed the name of God many times.
There was great increase in Japans nationalistic feelings
"Following three and a half centuries of Dutch colonialism, Indonesia secured its independence after World War II."
Country's 25% of GDP is allocated to educational system.
category:prophet and messenger.
77 Australia's  landmass is the main part of there are 600 cost.
First June - Clocks were moved one hour ahead to save electricity in Pakistan.
"Christian, and Jews have their own representatives in the assembly"
July 18
"Soviet Union heavily criticised this agreement. It said that the peace agreement made by the USA and Britian did not include any benefits for Russia, nor was it consulted over it"
The Kuomintang government of China refused to recognize the Japanese supported newly created state in Manchuria.
Eight people died.
In its thousand years history Hindustan has been divided into smaller states.
and limit them to gazani area
This is why 19th August 1919 is celebrated as Afghanistan's independence day
Mustafa fourth
when one player comes to bat and rest of the batsmen for any reason can not afford to bat
30000 people have been killed in that earthquake.
Pakistani personalities
Japan had in fact during the last two years faced successive defeats on various fronts.
"This region is in Blue stone Park, Wyoming and it is called as super volcano."
Tokyo Olympics 1964
Parliament elections were held in Israel in which external affairs minister's Tezyabi had won with 28 seats
Country's central and eastern area comprises of large deserts with no water or trees etc in which there are some places where water and trees are present.
The start
chinese has different areas from one another areas but the north west has to fight the trojans
Physical and mental paralyzed.
and in this generation Internet has overtaken all the computer works inside in it
February 4 - United Nation sectreary general ban ki moon has order to create a commission to investigate benazir murder.
On 16th May 1 Pakistani solider injured and four Afghani national soldiers were killed in a clash.
"On 8th February Taliabn release the murder video of Polands geologist, Peter Steynzic who was captured from Pakistan a few months ago"
He wants that like China his kingship remain
according to some other almost 3 crore people died in that war
Due to this very reason the English set free Dost Muhammad Khan unwillingly.
"apart from this the other holidays are independence day 19 August, new day(21 March)"
23rd June
Prophet Ali Karam Allah Wajha
"This naval attack was done on the back of the American army on the coast. 13000 rounds were fired in this attack, but due to an effective fightback by America, this attack failed"
Climante atley
Slovakia
And Arab lands went into the hands of the Turkish Sultanate.
For this reason it is called mac dower city
"15 kilometres away from the city is the International Faisalabad airport, where the national airlines PIA and other smaller airlines also serve the people"
This kingdom is for example a autonomy law Acehnese.
"Mosoleum Babar sultan al Qadri, Madina Town"
main uses of php
Hazrat Khalid Bin Waleed (R.A)
(Chapter 10)
Non accelerated is continues in the same state.
The encyclopedia is sorted in alphabetical order
He lotted Bukhara and marook and got the possession of hirat
In order to cope with this situation Japan increased its exports.
Cordoba
But the rebels failed to gather support the entire army and the rebellion failed.
On the basis of Kingdom and business correction is to be reformed forcedly.
9 June: long marsh: the group of lawyers went to parliament
the connection between them is proved from the new leeter of galib to syed ahmad khan
Any device cannot be said that this is the very first computer.
12 March
"For whom the term Lapanka at that time is used which was derived from a game of English kids played during 1942-1944 which meant """"putting sheets"""" or """"making characteristic"""""
Hayathin fizad
Ist January - Express news ( News Channel ) started from Lahore
"Using this as an excuse, American attacked Afghanistan through Pakistan on 17th October 2001 and captured Afghanistan"
"Actually, in the past computer was useful for the person who worked on accounts. Usually that person worked or working with the help of some mathematical devices like calculaltors or some basic models etc."
Majority of the population lives in the South Western Coast.
"This country around 60 % Sumatra and calimtan , and asian cast were doing that"
Recently a scientist has claimed that these finding were also published by an Italian scientist a few years before Einstein
"That due to the existance of the Sun, things become a little tilted"
Indonesia's current Ekmatemik Presidency thirty three province based democracy.
"to see what happening in Hiroshima the flight flew from 100 miles far and continuous flied for 3 hours, but maqmas hunting plane came back without inspecting and gave the news that nothing is visible except cloud"
"Who by presenting the concept of Pakistan , gave the Muslims of the sub-continent a new hope for life."
Twenty-Six.
The former Prime Minister Gulam Mustafa was expired on 20 November.
"-29 airjet, which is bringing the message of their deaths, has flown from the airbase of Tinian Island."
"During World War I the Usmania Air force fought on many places which include Galina in west, Qafqaz in east and area of Yemen in west."
The place chosen for the construction of Clock House had a well that dated back to the days of the construction of Lyallpur city.
"Where test match takes five days to complete, the twenty/20 match is completed approximately in four hours."
Some army experts believe that atomic attack in Hiroshima and Nagasaki were the reason for the war of Okinawa
Opinions of Qauid-e-Azam's contemporaries.
"This education  is common in literature, the court, office and religious institutions."
category: mathematics
at last 30 people were left with Muslim
2- word to word copy:
Savo kingdom was just for name shack.
and this alternate way he find the same answer which came after the above instruction
3rd April
On the other hand Minamoto had once again started accumulating power
this connection is like that
Britishers went through the way way of irans oceanic way to their native place in Britain.
"Even though the Japanese army strongly condemned the allied forces and suffered attacks during this time, hence, on 10 December the allied forces entered ormoc city."
Province - Mazandaran
he was asked once  as
And Interesting is that the total budget of american's only 4 percent given to defense budget.
"One type are the interior components, while the other type are the exterior components."
it was 9 August
"Since In Asiya bartani France, Etc. Were got in effective majority and strong kingdom so Germani and Italy was compromised and In 1940 German and Italy was sign the agreement."
in 1878 first time with the help of continuous cameras one British photographer presented a hose running pictures
"In the era of Selim II the prime president Muhammad Pasha have presented the project to construct Suez Canal and Don-Volga Canal to give strength to economy, but they could not implement."
"Marc towin, emaaili dekansan, and wolt white started every thing in american way"
the victory of osmani in 1308 in marmara ocean was the first victory of osmani's and in 1921 their ocean first time placed in south east harbor and later played main role in the victory in Europe
"Economic theories also existed in the Islamic era as well as the Greek era, but it developed as a separate subject solely in the 18th century."
Desktop GUI
Ian work as visting teacher until he got the job in 1902 in a switzerland city burn .
Later the government of Kabul went to Muhammad Shah and then in 1826 went to friend Muhammad Khan.
For explanation see the lessons
.
village of border and Baluchistan must be treated by like others
27 April united force entered into area Mailan and there fashist  king Pento Mussolini has arrested that time when has escaping to wards Switzerland
"As Japan is living under the defensive umbrella of US army, therefore, its defensive expenditure was almost non-existent, and all the funds began to be spent on economic development, investment, industrial development and better social life."
almost it is depend on noclasicy economics
Taira and Minamoto tribes filled the gap left by the decline of Fujiwara tribe.
"Apart from Urdu there are several other languages spoken in Pakistan. Among them  Punjabi, Saraiki, Sindhi, Gujrati, Baluchi, Brahwi and Hindko are remarkable."
"Due to the bad economic conditions, country's political strength increased and many politicians including a prime minister was killed."
In year 1192 shahensha-e-jaban was did a miracle to solders. Means there aim was the all solders do there correct things mentioning the rules as shahensha said.
Category: Islam
"Highest point is Noshaq, which is 24,557 feet high, and second highest mountain of mountain Hindukush after Trajmir."
In 2002 Iranian Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced that if Israel an Palestine have not accepted any agreement then Iran will reject such two sided agreement.
"Faisalabad is located in Punjab's north south, far from 120 k.m from Lahore in the side of west"
Museums of Marg Anbu America and Jews library given quantity and according to their consideration from 56 thousand to 97 thousand middle citizen were also have their killed Karoshiai camps
the percentage of world 4.
Pakistan 25 foreigner reserve created by Faisalabad and with it is the second largest city to produce foreign reserve
"At that time the economics was not considered to be a separate subject, but even before 1876 there are posts in many magazines regarding economics, for example the subjects regarding the international trade of Thomas Munn are related to 16th century."
japanese products because of better quality capture the world market because of this they are given preference to American and European products
With the passage of time the sense of occupation of America started to strengthen.
"In which according to the Aryan Para, jews were removed from many professions"
it has been used befor twnety century from thousands of years bu educated people
"England Capital London is the biggest city of British Ireland , Is the English Capital and one of the biggest city in the world"
In north there is also fertile strip around Qazwain sea and beside there is Koh Albars situated.
Shintoism in Buddhism and Christianity was given importance because this based on the original Japanese adaid but this was atayat for kingship
"From the findings in the caves of Shanidar, in North-East of Iraq, the skeleton of the neanderthal man, which are 50 to 60 thousand years old, it is found that they had the ability to speak, and used to follow tradition such as burying their dead with flowers."
"Apart from this, apple pie, pizza and hamburger have either been adopted from the Europeans as such or with slight modifications."
Hazrat Imam ali raza
Main services of this company is proving email services and Messenger (AOL-Messenger) Services program
"the Council has  also  power to veto Assembly,native Councils  , presidency and the members of Assembly."
1889 in his faarsi book with this published in this gaalib praised that book
Once Faisalabad was also called as the city of scientist because it contains the greatest number of PhD scientists as compared to any city of Pakistan.
peacemaker force
preferences
"At the beginning the relations were positive but in the 1856s, the Ottomans, having crushed Kurdish resistance, no longer needed Armenian support, and the Empire became less responsive to Armenian claims"
13 people died in US drone attack in Northern Waziristan.
Sikh Leader
"Umpire has the power to decide all important decisions like giving out, no ball, or wide ball."
"According to an estimate, approximately  $3 billion were spent to hold the games in Tokyo."
this is social and heritage treasurer of country
"Security Council is the most important part of united nation there are 15 member countries where 5 are permanent members which are France,Russia,Britian,China and America and they have the right to solely reject or veto any decision"
Hindustan next constitution will be defensive nature
"On this note, a referendum was held in both parts of the island at one time."
Saudi Arab. Albab
in the trebunal of war crime many people bacame witness of it that japanese army had human flesh
This Government was also dissolved
11 February - Pakistani's delegate aziz uddin poisoned in jamrood
Strict 'PEMRA Ordinace' issued in Pakistan regarding media
"He (landlord) used to create the laws of his region himself, and was autonomous in making the peace and war decisions against the neighbors."
Einstein was sick with hemolytic anemia.
After going back Sultan destroy the city askalan by himself
"It is said that Ino, is a racial group of the east Siberia of present Russia."
Saudi ladies use nakab.
Urdu (according to speaker's number) it on 20th place in all languages of the world.
"The emperors influence during the time was only till the castles courts, whereas the Shogun had control over the army, and laws and order"
In 1524 frenchman giovanni verra zano during an event from carolina towards the north enter into New york
Indonesia total satankumari and the Australia on the the second Place .
"Allas! that the remaining of the building of the library, 135 A.D"
According to BBC Abdul Sattar Adhe got calls regarding attack.
Deputy minister of Soviet Union Andrew Grewmeko  and his delegation tried to stop the business and the day when agreement was signed on that day Grey meko had Objections speech .
"9th June - long march, caravans of lawyers left for parliament house"
"at the starting of war Hitler's inteention was to Murder the citizen of Salaok,country's betrayed or they became slavery or they can make a place for Germany"
Saudi Arabia'a open interference seen in Pakistan's internal affairs.
China asked the League of nations for help which formed an investigation committee in 1933
The English fought two wars in this regard.
Revisionists of Holocaust
"February 1 - Suicide attack in station of south waziristan - 7 forces killed , 15 injured"
Then YOU(PBUH)went for a meeting with ALLAH.
In 1963 after quo baz party took possesion of leadership and general abdul salam arif become a President
After third wicker the player who comes to bat know as middle order batsman.
Aminpur Market - here one road goes to Aminpur bungalow.
"Now the role of web browser becomes important. Now it has to render the HTML, CSS and other files being received in different formats such as images, links, etc. in such a way that they become visible to the client as a web page on the screen."
Many factory of the city were supplying cloths.
"if this word is used without knowledge so it is called shiaan ali ibn abbu taalib, the group which was the follower of hazrat ali and had dogma of his imamat"
"1998,Indonesia's politics and government structure after  president Sartho's resignation important changes"
But due to the empire's vastness in it at different places various languages were spoken and in the last stages French and English too were spoken among the elites on a very high scale
Japan prospered dramatically during this time
American occupied all the three islands until the 23rd of July where on the Saipan island
"Even though most German Jews had already left their country prior to 1939, to go to Czechoslovakia, France or Netherlands, where they were returned"
"Fighting broke out when Japan demanded from Soviet Union to to take her troops, stationed in the west of Lake Huson and and mountains in the south of Premoriae, away from there."
"When Japanese air crafts returned after the successful attack, As soon as Admiral Nagumo ordered to load air crafts with ammunition to attack midway again,meanwhile the american enterprise ship and hornet were spotted in the east."
"If the coalitions were fighting with Japanese in Philippines on one hand, then on the other hand they also had started the air shelling on Japan, and in these actions only the American air force's"
"Gulf have four big fights in which sishuan , sorogao , camp engano and masara fight"
"Jinnah Baugh, Faisalabad"
A result of armed combat the separation of Aceh and Papua provinces
The Australians increased their strength after this defeat.
in france science economics found after 1876
"Second theory dictates that Aryan/Vedic people were the natives of Hindustan, who saw their glory days after the end of Dravidian civilization."
Osmanian Capital
"If this work given to human and use there thinking this mathematics can be done with some simple way for example can use methamictic calcualtion by using this , this work can be done easily and little fast if there is so man he can use this equation"
5th march.
"According to Michael Berenbaum, 2-3 million POWs (57 percent of POWs at that time) died due to starvation, inhuman treatment and death penalties between June 1941 and May 1945. Most of the those deaths occurred during the first year of their imprisonment."
"48 states other than Alaska or Highway,which is united according to land by meeting them called as Continental United states"
Muhammad the forth
protect itself from Hungary
"According to an estimate, 40,000 people died while 60,000 were injured during this war. Till January 1946, it was speculated that 70,000 had died."
his son shahenshah baber made kabul the capital of his kingdom in 16th century
Netherlands
Some of the famous list of people
"Indonesia 300,000 members armed (TNI ) forces army (TNI advertisements are included ), navy ( TNI leader, which included sea ), and."
Big countries are northern countries and australian capitals
palaces  had used commonly  and a great tomb was built in one palace.
3 January - Israel has entered Gaza during a ground operation by the its army.
Japan disagreed with this as a rejection of conventions and declared war
"Sun color is White but due to the distribution of lights of in space, Sun display look like dark yellow color."
Category: Mughal Rulers of Middle Asia
"This designation remained from 1368 to 1922 i.e for 554 years in the state of Usmania in which 211(or 215) became Prime President whose majority was non-turk and it includes the names of Arab, Albanian, Russian, Charaksi, Greek, Armenia and individuals of Salafi nations but never any non-Muslim was made"
January 24 - Iraq parliament decided a new design of Flag
"historian Chalmers Jones write that Japan has killed 3 crore people in Phillipin,Malaya,Vietnam,Cambodia,Indonesia and in Burma in which 2 crore were only Chinese"
One part for the senior men in the army while the other part would be used by the junior section of the army.
27 people got died
1st of June -
The post have been sent to japan for badhazam was completed at the japan country was famous so higher at that time.
French army commander didn't understand the plan and he attack with his east border on germany at 14 august
13 to 18 Century before Hati's established their first kingdom.
"Saudi Arabia University,College and education institution list"
Jewish remember this murder with the name of holocaust
after that the body was burned
After azan Rome wetern rome became the kingdom.
"5% population are the followers of Christianity in which Protestent, Catholic, Mormon and other minority Christian sects are included"
at one century the inter net get most famous and it conected with all the computer net works.
"Pagodas were made, parks wer constructed and Sakura trees were planted"
This beautiful island turned into a swamp and a pile of rubble due to the 82 days long war.
This beautiful island caught in between in the battle for 82 days and turned to be a muddy graveyard.
this interference through Fiscal policy will produce good results
"Hitler knew about the result of Mousillini, and he did not want anything similar to happen to him"
in 622 that is very is so much closer to the another to such things.
This is in the name of 60 lakhs Jews.
Eth gave job to the first three but not to him and the fifth rank holder Mileva Maric
The kings rights are within the social codes and Saudi history
"He thinks that in capital system the distribution of money and production is not fair in between capital and labor, and the capitalist exploits the labor, and it is the base of a class disparities."
Kingdom
Important residential areas.
"The lowest point from sea level is Amo river, who is only 846 feet high."
European Union is union of 27 countries of continent of Europe.
the Laws of Muhammeed (SAW)& Khalifah raashideen was made mandatory to all muslims.
But they are different economically and politically.
"As compared with US Dollar, Rupee degraded."
About womans iqbal opinion.
"On 30th January, 1902, Japan with Britain Anglo -"
Health
China is the one of the oldest country which is successful as compared to Europe today.
The ruling party in Turkey (which is pro Islam) has requested the parliament to accept its request for elections before time
now also japanese army was firing on those who came from caves and qandakhs
1 player is called the captain who filfills duties of the captain
"China government calculation of murdered for 3,00,000 persons."
"Provinces were first called Ayalat which rename to """"Walayat"""" where sanjak status was like districts"
"But I have already decided to strive""""."
Team that plays the last innings has exceeded the (Score) runs
"The internet is a global net of connected networks, which is accessible by all at social and public levels."
"Chamori opponent killed brutally and there assest was freezed but menamota , current tokyo a fertile area they went to this area"
It say Aramor made writing restricated on the however during 1991 to 1992 it was already on the use net.
"construction of web infrastructure problems were one side,basically more different business promise(example some different agreement)basics or cultural, art economies or is on democracy which says that how to transmit the data on web"
"$ 55 per day as a(home income ), in  Indonesia the government explained."
24th of September - 12 people died in an American drone attack in Northern Wazirista.
Colemanten
"Many of his books have translated in English, German, French, Chinese, Japanese and other languages."
king
"this language was spoken by the migrant's in America,Canada,Germany,Norway and Australia"
10 members remained absent.
"After the death of Artigol in 1281, Usman the first became the lands ruler. He announced his independence from the Saljoki empire and created the Usmani empire"
"Apart from Urdu many other languages are also spoken, in which Punjabi, Seraiki, Sindhi, Gujrathi, Baluchi, Brahvy , Pashto and Indian languages are included."
Before Islam
"supervolcano made  70,000 causality which known is biggest eruptions."
This database of Internet is known as
Internet is done with the help of website file sharing.
Whiskey for purpose of medication and operation.
Harath umme habiba ramlah:when prophet(p.b.u.h) married her she was muslim but her father not accepted Islam at that time
Mazandaran Province
"Besides, the Union then constructed the road surrounding these eight markets in a form of circular road and connected them mutually"
Meals three different group is found there.
"This game is played with a help of a ball and a bat in a ground which is of an oval shape, and in which there is a 20."
"""""No single person is there in the entire history of entire India who is such beloved""""."
Category: Construction
the ascension of progress had showed in that time when Neil armstrong  took  first steps on the moon with the help of Apollo 11 on July 1969.
"2,The shortage of resources."
He was always ready to save himself from spies and to face any uncertainty
Overall the base of neo classical economics is on three assumptions.
It is been thinked that phrases and words are extracted from kingship which combine China for the first time
"Due to poor living facilities, this educational project was suspended and under training officials came back to turkey in early 1911."
"Through a victory in the by-election on 9 March, Erdoğan had entered the parliament and to accommodate him in the administration, Abdullah Gul had quit his Ministership."
November
Zakam means lahaq.
Area ministry.
1st June - announcement of jumping one hour on the clocks to save electricity in Pakistan.
"Highest location is Toshak that is 24,557 feet high and is the second highest mountain of Hindu Kush mountain range after Turch Meer."
One more change was that now the Alliance force has opted the policy of attack instead of defense.
This plane made its maiden flight on 15 June 1945 from China to attack the weapons factory in Japan.
"That the manner in TCP/IP had been used by other networks, had made it to fast, user-friendly, that it went ahead of all."
"On 8th April ,Cordon off and violence  on Sheerafgan in Lahore ,Slap and beat him with shoes."
During that he has to pay attention on line and length.
South Sulawesi (Sulawesi Selatan) -- Makassar
when some one would like to enter in some web page or with some other way like through resource so normally he writes the web page's URL in his address box and this also possible to reach with hyper text
"Iraq has been divided into 18 provinces, which are as follows"
samar with that letter joint amrubin sath.
"Pages of history testify that on 30th April, 1945, Hitler committed joint suicide a few hours after marrying his girlfriend, Eva Braun."
In 1905 Allam Iqbal went to England for higher education and got admission in the Cambridge University and got educated in the shadow of Professor Brown.
"The complete proof of treaty is found in the books of History, despite of this, the western thinkers attempt to deny this, though they fail in doing"
Ameer Thosth Muhammad Khan
In 1549 in spain first christian japanese military person arrive at japanese land and first many people accept Christianity
"The food of Afghanistan are so  delicious.Qabli Pulao , khamiri rotis and Ticka Kababs are most favorite dishes of their own kind,  not only famous in Afghanistan,they are famous all over the world."
21st of June -
Japan developed dramatically during that era.
Belgium
after that shimar has cut his head from the backside
Category :Iranian Plateau level
Flag of Britain
one dutch harbour has given permission to come to Japan
Abdul Aziz Bin Saud.
"In accordance with hundreds of court rulings, they were made infertile or were deprived of sexual organs through castration."
"21st June-On the event of birthday of Benazir people donated blood recited Quran, and announcement of change capital punishment of prisoners to life imprisonment."
"Communism, Social, democratic and other political forces were bound to wear a triangle red cap."
Muslim ibn Aqeel had told Mohamed ibn Ashath to pass the message of his death to Imam Hussein and not to trust the people of Kufa and to turn back from whereever he was.
and 6 runs are scored when the ball crosses the boundary without bouncing (jpg)
In some areas of western NWFP is few mountains on the other hand Northern NWFP and Northern areas contain world's highest mountain's chain.
The vast majority of believers belong to the Shafi sect.
"During the beginning of the Second World War, Hiroshima's population was 381,000. But as it was an important weapons manufacturing city, the Japanese army displaced the common people on a large scale and the total population at the time of the attack was estimated at 255,000."
He is the leader of the Muslims of India for his hard work.
"Finally after being forced due to monetary problems, he got a job in the fort. In 1850, Bahadur Shah Zafar gave him the title of Najam al Dola Dabeer ul Mulk Nizaam e Jang. He was asked to write the history of the family of Taimoor and was given a stipend of 50 rupees per month"
Jinnah Garden Faisalabad
"Ahle Tashi believe  that After Prophet of Allah (peace upon him ) only Ali was on the designation of Imamat , and they believe that only Ali is the true   sub.   of Prophet of Allah."
"Allama Iqbal went to England for higher education in 1905, and got admission in Cambridge University, and received guidance from as good a teacher as Professor Brown."
commission for transportation
every states have given seats according to the population
Since 2007
15 Feburary- Pakistan's Taliban announced a ceased fire for 15 days in on going war in Sawat.
climate
"Forests cover approximately 60% of the country. In Sumatra and Kalimantan, these are predominantly of Asian species."
the new saudi education system provides traditional science and high quality education
20 lakhs years before model was send to everywhere.
"SONY sped ahead in high tech electronics and also developed the first pocket sized radio, which made it into a huge name across the world"
In pilgrim (Hajj) the number of Muslims was 120000.
in 1982 new In was established in Turkey
"There are 4 provinces, 2 federal areas, and two parts of Pakistani Kashmir in Pakistan"
sports
"The first settlement was established in James Town, Virginia in 1607 by the English"
All the three times Ali stood up and said though I am very weak in Physic but i will try my best to help you.
Solving Problems
Ghanta ghar
Muhammah Awal
"The next day the Australian forces found out about the arrival of the Japanese army, and this information was passed to General Mcarthur and General Blamay. The instruction to engage the enemy was given"
America President middle with this two countries war and made compramaise between them in 1905.
but the earthquake which came in 1999 caused the friendship between turkey and unan
Iqbal and western culture
Amir Amanullah Khan
Kingdom was divided in these type of countries
muslim shahida were 14
5th November - Palestine's president Mehmood Abbas has announced to take part in the elections to be held in January 2010.
And he came from the prestigious and important people.
Title: The Ottoman Empire
"Japan government include Prime minister,Finance minister,Viceroy War,Chief Cabin Secetry,Governor Korea,Viceroy of Navy,Business people of Germany,Chief Of milatry Buero officers,Cabin planning boad president and Finace people are sentenced."
in 1990 in leadership of Nawaz Sharif IJI and its coalition parties made the government
After this war Islamic army took control of christain areas.
In 1585 Usmani Aaamir Al Had Murad Rais defeated Lan Jaroon in Kanari.
Even though it is changed in the proper index and chapters may not affect more but it don't look good.
In America Einstein was praised as a great personality and reporters took interest in his thoughts on every topic.
They wanted to attack the Royal Palace in Tokyo and enslave the emperor in the castle
The world power has ruined Iraq by involving it into a long war with Iran.
Alaska has also has many mountain in which mac kinley moutain is the biggest in the north america
"Social , Democratic and other political prisoners there was must to wear read cap"
"Chinese philosophy , writing and poetry was honored so much and they also help Chinese culture from isolating and publishing it"
"and apart from these almost with 20,000 it was done"
Main rights and consitution also reinstate
55 per day (household income) as defined by the Indonesian government.
11th January - Start of Islamic year 1429
"With the occupation of Bait al Muqaddas, Jerusalem's Christian government, which was established in Palestine since 1009 AD, also came to an end."
Architecture started to modernize and use of bold colors increased.
tabook (North East of Jordan near the border city)
Its budget is also the highest in the world
"blasts, fire, flying dust will take some time to stay, becuse the volume of that was 45000 fit tallest and the diagonal of that fire was 1200 mtrs"
The name America was first used in 1507 when a German traveler while developing the global map differentiated between the North and South American continents by using the word America
"Earth, other planets, planet like and other bodies revolve around the sun."
This is called nighara in Urdu but in different world(including Health) this is called mukhatat
Asper chary the officers punctuality was the main importent.
He gave sweets and toys to these children and then take them to the gas chamber
It was determined through the cathedrals of villages and records of foreign ministry that who were the Jews.
"A Famous national song start with the same word """"Best in the all world Hindustan"""""
some times it sides goes towards south as makung river and marhamma putra
the majority of population line in south beach
"In between of the 40 Easterly Length land, from the surfacing sea, it is situated on 605 Feet hight."
20 February
the war ended in 1918 with defeat to Germany
He appointed members for three years.
"China's Komnatang Government refused to accept the new Japenese backed, Government of Manchuria"
Trains started increasing in 1960 and it increases the
May.
Even today the highest post of Germany is called chansler in 1934 after the death of wanbedinBaraq. Hitler in 1933 became the president of Germany.
17 May-
Culture
"In 1961, Faisalabads population was 4,30,000 which had increased to 8,30,000 in 1972 and to 11,00,000 by 1981"
December 2006(When orignial subject) was written Iraq freedom war was continued
third thing is the development of Muslim business is the good news for everyone
Urdu Wikipedia has given so much words which are including urdu and french it is possible if according to English rules there is a blog created in Urdu and to include web like b for blog . but as this word use in Arabic on massive level
agreement San Fransisco
Ethnologue's report on Urdu
30th of September - 7 in Sumatra.
4.27 Meter) oval is made by drawing a semicircle which can be called Infield or Inner Circle.
"One central Armenian defender group announced a liberal government in May 1915 , and the Usmanians understood it as the attempt to support the Russian forces attacking on south Anatoli."
Languages
Category : Shanakhtar
"Because, everyone, whether East and West and Socialist and Capitalist, had started to feel of cold war between them, so, not only the Europe and Africa, but entire part of Asia too begun to feel fear of one more world war. Rather, there was a fear that an atomic war would break out, because the Soviet U"
This motto was based on god power order& help& they promised each other that they will safeguard the name & powers even by giving life
alama iqbal born on 9 november 1877 (3 ziqaada 1294) in the european indian state city sialkot in the house of shaik noor mahammad
Parliament Elections were held in Israel in which the Foreign Minister Tzipi has won with the support 28 seats.
The drinking and use of Pig meat strictly check in Islam and it is strictly implemented in Saudi Arabia.
2002 and 2007 election winner party judiciary and development party has got the simple majority in the final election
The freedom was Accepted On July 2 and was declared of independence On July 4th Declaration of Independence
"There is no political party in the country nor are there any elections, although in 2005 there were local elections"
Where test match last for five days twenty/20 match ends in almost four hours
But Hazrat muhammad p.b.u.h intelligence the agreement happen
27 August - In North Wazeeristan 8 people were killed as a result of American Drone attack also in which Islamic movement of Uzebekistan's terrorist leader Tahir Youldush also was killed
"Urdu is the common language of Pakistan, and it is merging many words from regional languages."
In July 2004 Picasa was purchased.
one person was arrested on the spot.
Imam Hussain's Journey to Kufa
"It is said that the Iranian engineer Essa Shirazi made the blueprints of this palace, but it is said in the Kings diary that he himself developed its blueprints"
10 percent people go to church once or twice in a month and 19 percent people are those which go to church for the purpose of worship on Saturday and Sunday many times.
During this time he started facing monetary problems and he had to take more loans
"Further reforms included reduction in taxes, improving the Ottoman Empire's image in the European nations and the permission to private ownership and investment."
He not only the true leader of Muslims but also a true lawyer
Initial Life
7 July-suicide attack on Indian embassy in Kabul  41 killed and most injured
27th December-Pakistan's former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto was killed by firing followed by suicide blast during a election gathering in Rawalpindi.
"If we  see the earth  from space, we will observe  the big white color mark."
"The government permit was necessary for small landlord to get married, to choose successors or to repair or construct his private fort."
Mr. Nicolas Sarkozi took over as president of France.
Kalama Iqbal is poet book. Full world wide musilms are read.
Germany & Japan signed thr agreement unitedly 25 1936 Unity Government Accepting the ponits. if russia attacked Germany Japan had to cinsult with each other.
after one year in 1882 the trial eliance named allys came in to existence ion which germany and austria were there
British struggle for stopping them and increasing their effect on Afghanistan is remmembered as 'Great Warriors'( The Great Game ).
In the starting it was invented from ftp
After this Pakistan's new President was Farooq Leghari
They also collected old and traditional weapons which were not used from long.
with the pressure and force of air trees got out from there positions and sand started floating
Economy
download for Unicode.
"America was keen on its policy of keeping away the Socialists and Communists from coming to power in Japan, because the neighboring countries of Japan viz. Soviet Union, North Korea and China were already under the influence of Socialism and America had already started campaign and military power to sto"
That team most of peoples are Christians.
You can also create a new essay.
"First togaeh akwait khan March 1933 Machao Istailast pasand , Trading partner has created for all the others"
Joint Action against Islamic Organization in Somalia by Government and America
"This era had witnessed both countries collecting resources right from wealth to arms and ammunition, which can help them defend each other."
"During the Karbala incident, the respectable Umm Salma, may ALlah be please with her, was alive and the time Imam Hussein, peace be upon him, became martyred, the sand had turned to red and dry."
Officially it was said that the purpose of this operation is to control the weapons of allied forces that were taken to Russia.
Alaska's borders also meet Canada and the Pacific Ocean is to its south whereas the North Ocean to its north
"When America had captured Japan, at the closure of the second world war, the Allied forces without consulting with Korea, they had unilaterally decided to let America and the Soviet Union sign on a agreement creating the 38th Parallel line."
in may 1993 prime minister sulyman deemral was elected as president.
5 August
May be galib was said that he wanted to meet with mohammed to chage is view on our newspaper so thats the reason they was came in news.
16 June agreement accepted according to this if there is any attack on japanese possession area than both countries mist help other
20 April
Croatia
The Japanese war plane Shokako was damaged badly in the war of Coral and months were needed for its repair whereas the brother Zawi Kako was landed on the port of Japan and it was awaiting the change of air group but due to the delay in the training completion of the personnel it was facing difficulties
now America and it's friends have adopted the danger policy
"The tragedy of Karbala happened on Moharram 10, 61 Hijri (by 9th or 10th October 680) at present Karbala city of Iraq."
Which has faded by waiting for autumn
The work on this theory was completed in 1915.
Taj Mahal is great masterpiece of architecture of Mughal era. and this is a such a example less building which became center of attention of tourists just after its construction
"America's President George Bush has announced to deploy 21,500 more soldiers in Iraq."
"The important decisions of the match such as giving a batsman out, declaring a no ball or a wide are in the domain of an umpire"
KRUSSIA
Current human being existance in China is the most latest evidence has seen in leugiang which is head bone and it is considered as 67 years old
"The wording of a famous national song begin to as""""sary jahan sy acha Hindustan hmara""""."
2 March-
Japan had assumed that only one American naval baton is available in Pacific Ocean where as it did not had any information regarding the other’s.
History of the European Union
Austria
Which means ball strikes which part of the pitch
Political reforms had begun and art and culture started progressing.
after some time security company had signed that there is no climatic problem.
These are from al bayan to  Swayi rain forest.
vazra council
But the Chinese government still retained the absolute control over politics and it continued to tackle challenges to the national security.
Although it is unacceptable that the brave and loyal army of Japan becomes unarmed in front of anyone.
During this time he spent some time with bdu tribe according to a custom that customized in Arab.
It was an army agreement from which Germany and Russia started to smell the danger.
Now there are thousand of industrial unit
From beginning to the zenith (1299-1453 AD)
Greece
Imam Hussain organized this small army
Surrounding areas of Faisalabad does not have any natural resources and is consisting of plateau.
South Sulawesi(Sulawesi Selatan)Makassar
The economic condition of the nations hopeful of membership in the European Union.
In this situation a complex system comes into action which is named as Duckworth Lewis Method.
In January 1996 two Larry page and sergey brain which is in Stanford California University.
European Council
Khateem like 600 villages were burn which has at least a population of 5000 were destroyed by the local people of Belarus and some or all citizen were killed
"Lisoru Shah, Jhang bazaar"
water resources.
The army killed 55 extremist Talibans in Swat.
The mohammed Ali Janah one of the new young boy
"Throughout the 1930s, the legal, economic, and social rights of Jews were steadily restricted."
18 June - 15 people killed in the American drone strikes in the South Waziristan.
As a result of wide or no ball bowler has to ball those deliveries again.
"January 22, Biggest solar eclipse of century"
"although afghan has less treasures like oil and other sources but its geographic position is as that it has contacts with mid Asia, south Asia, and east Asia from which it has contacts with its generation, religion, and culture, and important in war situations to keep the pressure against"
Mean banichari biggest representative called banichari
Many governments came and went between 1951 and 1958.
It acquired company named Keyhole Inc in October 2004.
Sir seyyad haniz who was continueing now it is not available.
Chinab Club
Satsoma developed it navy whereas Josho trained its farmers like the western army and bought the arms that were left from the American civil war
"20,21 july"
188px
out of these first three topics are related to each other although all three are unique thoughts.
Serbia
it is border by 8 states bulgaris by garjis taan (geogia) qwest Arman Iaran Uzbakistaan nakhshwaan suth west by Iraaq & shtaam
Ameer habib ullah khan
European influence (1823-1919 AD)
Hazrath Muhammad salalahu alaihiwasalam(570 or 571 to632) was came one important personality in world history and his importance according to education(in Muslims and non Muslims two sides)were accepted constantly on both sides
"This was the same allies that undoubtedly controlled most of the regions in the Europe, Africa, East and Southeast and the Pacific Ocean regions."
Out
"according to history America, gave support to Britain, and France and also in big numbers Germans and Irish were against of them"
"Nazi Germans made a tyrant racial Government in Belarus, which burnt 9000 villages, captured the country in order to enslave 380,000 people and killed hundreds of thousands of people"
The current nation of Indonesia is a unitary presidential republic consisting of thirty three provinces.
"apart from thisjapan placed its cintrol on Japan  harbour.they wished to attack Western Australia & get control on ahandak  sea,mabaidrod"
European traders and Christian preachers faced the problems in that time when native leaders fought to each other.
12th September.
"in hawai state this patti is on the sea, which continent is towards north america to south west"
"Despite the end of the British rule, its impact still remains due to the global use of the English language and the Commonwealth"
Many soldiers were suffering from disease  like Malaria dis entry and were suffering from shortage of food.
"- 1933) who was a relative of Amanullah Khan, took over the throne of Afghanistan in 1929"
in 1973 Patrick white received noble prize for manners
This government made a plan of constitutional and social reforms in its first year
"But I have made up my mind."""""
Freed Marshal
"This court began to function with effect from 3 May, 1946."
Appreciate.
"baher is also from ayyub family in that some of the intellegent government give their dicleration to salah uddi country in that their son was been that musrif,sham,hajaz,yaman, aproximately 60 years."
match box
"In accordance with the Article#5 of this agreement, Japan obliged herself to peacefully solve her international issues."
"After the peace agreement with Christians, Saladin allowed the Christians to visit Bait al Muqaddas (Holy Land)."
Basis of difference in relationship between central Europe and Ottomans were the discovery of these new sea routes and possibly the decline of Ottoman Empire because European powers started using other routes instead of Middle eat and Roman sea which caused the trouble in economic condition of the kingd
One umpire stands on that side of wicket from where bowler bowls
"Human habitation of Australia is estimated to have begun between 42,000 and 48,000 years ago."
The most population of Afghanistan  were travel to Iran and Pakistan in which some of them are returning them but traveling has damage their economy and new generation was getting less chances of getting education or working
The people of Madina has thrown out their governor and taken Baith on the hands of Abdullah bin Zubair
In north direction districts of Chiniot and Nankana Sahib are situated.
23rd January- 14 people were killed in American drone strike
In this Uniform inertial frame of reference there are no any experience is possible.
category:genders(sexual)
Japan animations cartoons and manga comic comic books are world famous books
Mountain ground
"He changed many Prime Ministers, with whose support he ruled."
"Saudi Arabia, Albaab"
"Many kingship time China south border was considered as this big mountain which includes loas , Burma and Vietnam"
At that time the allies vastly out numbered the Japanese.
Zamrah:Needy
Mainland of China
Apart from these Japan is divided another 10 areas these areas are from east to west are as under.
the aim of batting team is to make most runs
On 9 April Kim Jong-il got elected for president of South Korea third time.
president elections in south Korea
"In this war on one side Germany,Australia,Hungarian Kingdoms,Turkish,Bulgaria and second  side Britain,France,russia,ItalyRumaniya,Portugal,Japan and America are their."
"apart of this 41,000 people were injured and more than a million people had become home less."
"Government is categorized  into Federal , State and local."
and the part where the bowler balling called bowling end
after this some time moon came into existence
"Term 'Chinese nation' or 'Zhongua Minzo' applies to all those people who possess Chinese nationality, regardless of their linguistic group."
bahrlok America& australia get joined.new guinea at gona the war get started
[42] corrections from 1998 are made by MPR and DPR [47] There is a separate room for DPR for this
Damam (Eastern province capital and third largest city)
lovers and members of family of prophet was fighting with enemies with their full power of faith.
"Later on its use was discontinued, but even now in political circles the name 'Colombia' continues in usage."
Date
Provinces
"As per the agreement, Bonin and Ryūkyū islands, wherein Okinawa, Amami, Miyako and Yayiyama islands are included, will be handed over to the control of America."
"US Congress declared war on Japan on 8th September, 1941."
"America too had given concern over the changing frown of Japan and as per its secret reports it was made clear that possible Japan would attack Philippines. Eventually, America had begun stationing its forces over there."
it is almost 51000
"Baizaid was interested in religion, poetry etc whereas Saleem the first was interested in History, Persian, poetry and reading"
"In contrast to Sukarno's anti-imperialistic antipathy to western powers and tensions with Malaysia, Indonesia's foreign relations since the Suharto """"New Order"""" have been based on economic and political cooperation with Western nations. Indonesia maintains close relationships with its neighbors"
Shouting started in Serbia
At the end of May monsoon rain started with the reason the mud and water has created difficulties for injured forces and medical aid
after 5 days one more advice presented but that was not suitable and refused in between that the force of north korea attacked on many places of khate taqsim attacked and for short time its process reach to the capital sauul
a series of conquests leading to the creation of the modern nation state of Saudi Arabia in 1.7
"On November 1941, permission was given to the war plan for waging war against America, Britain and Holland."
History of Japan
next year cleared the admission test of ETH
Azargan
Ottoman Architecture
Japan had a clear road then to advance towards South-Eastern Asia.
When bait becomes common then I shall return.
Till reaching askalan they were fought with Sultan 11 Times most important are asroof
Relevant Subjects.
Ibn-Asha'at kept his word and sent a messenger towards Imam Hussain.
Israel in 1955 has attacked Ardan city citizens and started attacking
Midway north sea area 6.
"4 fountains were built around the clock tower while it was being built which are towards kachari market, ameen pur market, jhang market and karkhana market and they can be seen from all 8 markets but with the passage of time only two of them are left."
Now Ashi Tagatakuchi was residing in capital Kyoto along with his companions and loyals.
Australia’s total area is 7617930 square kilometers.
in 1911 he published his paper on common gravitation.
trade comission for south america
it was powerful army states period
san javan who was the first first urope nawabe in america on 18-Aug-508 javan was invented unisti iland
.Cruiser or in the attack and four other war ships ready.
"In 1333, Hojo sent his General Ashikagata Koji, to attack Kyoto from Kamakora, but during this time he had a strategy and he rebelled against the emperor and returned to Kamakora"
From the wester part of Europe it was try to search the new way of the business.
"They were humiliated, terrorized, were used in English experiments which was organized by the Ess Ess medications and they were killed"
Rabi al-Awwal 12 is most accepted according to Ahle Sunnah  although some schoolers considered Rabi al-Awwal 9 as right date.
Muslim reach kofa first day thousand of kofian become Muslim
He was one researching web site www.
Nearly 1% Pakistani are Hindu's and nearly the same amount are Christians
"In the East, the Black Sea and the Meditteranean Sea divide Asia from Europe"
"Among his reforms, he had made the education compulsory and encouraged and included the many mode of Western life style."
Daykundi
Like other developed countries the number of old peoples is increasing in Australia also.
this time Australian literacy is 99%
"At that time, Economics was not identified as a separate subject, but Economics related writings existed in multiple magazines even before 1876. For example, Thomas Munn's articles about international trade belong to 16th century."
in coming years linux developed very well and made off all the unix market
but the ankol plane almost had reached to make them kill totally
So the revolution came immediately in Hajjaz.
"In 1892, Jinnah was offered an apprenticeship at the London office of Graham's Shipping and Trading Company, a business that had extensive dealings with Jinnahbhai Poonja's firm in Karachi."
for that perhaps galib keeps vrey near to syed mohammad khan and his press sted ul aqbaar
"18th of April,"
"forty government aliska and except air, who present at earth. Which there bought the continents governments."
.0 Tamhid
for the favor of IPTO and licklider is one international networking
Kalmadi skipped the media conference today
in the form of rays coming of energy from sun through photoelectric effect gives energy to all human beings
11 July
Australia encouraged the European emigrants after the second world war.
ishtafaqi and Communication moral
"However, in the final scheme of things, USA kept Japan under her occupation, and also maintained her hegemony over South Korea, Okinawa and Amami Islands."
here it is must to remember that word raabit and word rabt is very different in the knowledge version and do not have any straight connection links for web and links for link is used
In 1919 it got independence from british people
"Some of them are elected as presidents,Governors []43  in the national elections of 2004 ,all of them for a period of five years []44"
Robert Morris and Philip Livingstone faced these sort of situation
"During this time in 1597, Hidayhoshi sent a further 150,000 army"
And that was the time when the term 'Internet' gained popularity in order to explain an international TCP/IP network.
Popular cities of Spain
"After its formation, a program was organized whose chief guest was the then finance commissioner, Punjab Mr. Luis"
Einstein gives his professional opinions that which type of bomb will be successful in Sea.
"holocast is actually became from unani word, that means to fire completely"
Lithuania
President was off the duties
These say and cry
"In the beginning there were only ministers, but later on with their increasing numbers, one was called the Prime Minister who was later called as the President of the country"
Iqbal concept about Iblis
Video
"After the 'Seville Agreement', which was signed after the war, victorious allied powers divided Ottoman Empire among themselves by tearing it into pieces."
"Failing to come to grasp with this situation, many soldiers attempted suicide, and many killed more than 100 US POWs between 15th and 16th August."
In 1579 Francies Drake entered the gulf of San Francisco on the west coast and established a British Colony.
According to believe of this group Ismail bin Jafer is last Imam
"Many names among Ghalib's relatives, beneficiaries, pupils, and fans are found whose links with Syed Ahmad Khan are also certified. Right now we do not have sufficient time for the hard work that is required in order to compile a complete & comprehensive list of Ghalib and Syed Ahmad Khan's shared relat"
"9th February - Suicide blast in the meeting of Awami National Party in the area of Nakai,Char Sada."
Suleman third
Bowlers are of various types
in this the hudrogrn is almost 74% and mass 92% and hajam and almost 24% mass 7% as hajam
"Many types of animal and plants are limited to particular places, and many types are about to extinct."
"More than 400 mammals, more then 700 birds, 500 reptiles and more then 90,000 insects have been noted."
Palestinians disproved of this proposal and the Jews started attacking Palestinian Muslims.
"soldier, reached in 2005 on an agreement of stopping of war 59 [] in Papua , there one important of the laws of area autonomy, but incomplete act , has done and violence and the violation of human rights in a level rejecting a report from the designation of Susilo's president,"
After this started concentrating towards the enemies army and said
The average household income in America is 46326 dollars and the average income for 25-64 year olds is 32611 dollars
November
"The conditions in Europe were seen to change when on 31st January 1943, German forces in Stalingrad surrendered since November the German fleets were going through hunger and nutrition deficiency and were now tired of these harsh conditions."
but ibne bin ziad did not agree on this proposal and ordered that if imam hussain does not agree to take companionship then stop watering them
"In that period, People of both believes Buddhism and Confucianism were there."
"Japan's strategy was to capture Kokoda through its fiercely trained jungle troops by having them infiltrate near the towns of Gona and Bona on the northern coast of Papua under the leadership of Major General Tomitaru Horiye. From where it could reach the Owen Stanley Range, where Port Moresby would com"
"To do this, put them on the list of unchangeable parts in the approval letter of changed version."
"Similar attacks were performed upon Japanese Cruisers Mugame and Mekoma, which turned them dysfunctional."
Einstein remained mostly in Germany during the 4 year war
"(en """"printf"""" are in php language)."
This lines help umpires to judge the run outs .
While the Prophet was entering Medina Ansaris were giving him a welcome as the womenfolk were watching it from the windows.
"and till next 18 months the luck of saudi was up and down during that for capturing on island misr, osmani kingdon, and violence came in other arab families"
"January 26, International court of crime has started hearing his first case against rebel leader of Congo Thomas Libana"
Saudi Turboil Guide Wiki Turboil
Fundamental rights and constitution restored.
Born to 1162
You can start a new topic also
Reynold Falls
The first ever test match was being played between England and Australian teams on 15 March 1877
But in this period this was not called Hind instead it was known as sindh
in the last days of May Monsoon was started due to which every thing was dry with war problems the medical help for injured soldiers were became a problem for them
"In each of the four corners of the building, there is a Minaret."
"1956 Olympic was held in Melbourne, Australia"
"After victories from China and Russia, Japanese strategist adopted the trend of inclusion of more areas."
so ahle madina also accepted him imam and took companionship on his hand
And also there is no superiority to anyone on the basis of race.
Cerebrant's massacre
That is why they participated in the movements of that time whose philosophy was in accordance with their thoughts.
The majority of them were hunters
Cricket Rules
"1st of February - a suicide attack on a post in South Waziristan, 7 officials died, 15 injured."
his thinking was this is a non permanent view and one good will be introduced which will be perfect
The Armenian Patriarch began to share his powers with the Armenian National Assembly and limited by the Armenian National Constitution
"Museum of Modern Art, which was founded in 1929 in New York, became the showcase of American and International Art."
"In the west there are fertile lands of China and on the south there are fertile land consisting of lime stone and Himalaya is also situated on this side, the highest mountain in the world is Mount Everest."
PHP scripts come in the beginning and end of the segment
This was implemented with the urban rules and second which was implemented with mufanan
"Before the start of war, some Generals had warned that conditions would be favorable to Japan within 6 months of the initiation of war, and if the war lengthened, then Japan's defeat would become certain."
Provincial distribution of Iran
the main achievement of ahmad ahah darani was to give defeat to marhatond in pani pat war in january 1761
"Once, these people posed such questions before him"
His education was very lower.
"its starting was in south asia kingdom and while mogul kingdom hind languages like faarsi, arabis, and turkey"
you can make a and other document for this document.
Chinese writing is such that a single word can explain an entire sentence
The osmani what they have created it us very big nosques.Because at that time they wat ever they build they build with there interst and after taht now one can make that type of interest.
Creation of Pakistan
Where many people died.
The majority of woody trees of Australia is evergreen and these are used to fire and drought.
This was the secret association of nationalists which was established by Lieutenant Col of Royal Army Kanguru Hoshi Moto in association with some young officers.
"This was actually an ultimatum for Japan, before a big attack could be launched on it"
"On the 13th and 14th of May 2007, there was a battle between the Afghan and American forces with the Pakistani forces, which resulted in the deaths of a few Pakistani and American soldiers"
"In 1335, emperor Go Daigo and General Ashi formed differences when he left for East Japan to kill the Nakasendai rebels without the emperors permission"
"13 March - Pakistan journalist , Ahmed khan died"
In 1945 Shah Abdul aziz made a plan to open school through out the country
"All these forces participate in United Nation's peace missions, fighting natural disasters and army wars."
"531 clans and the santiagi satankumari 515 animals is the 39 percent and 26 percent . Indonesia 80,000 kilometer and covered through coastal area"
WELCOME Cd's range will be in the following way
Lesson 1:attitude of men and women
Group: Standard of Web
The second biggest group is the Melanesians who are established in the Northern Indonesia 109) there are nearly 300 different castes in Indonesia and 742 different languages etc
Cold War and civil rights
From 1958 (Founder countries)
Zamora:International institutes.
For complete rules see: Rules of cricket.
"In Australia Mount Kosciuszko have the status of the biggest Mountain, which is 2228 meters high."
Japanese also had come to know that American Naval Fleet USSR Atooga is being mended because it had been damaged in an attack by submarine.
"The 2008 summer Olympics, which are also known as the Olympiad Games of the XXIX, will take place in Beijing"
America has a large industry of tourism and it comes in 3rd position in the world
Turkey has 82 Election districts which is exhibiting the 81 managing provinces.( Istanbul three and Infra regarding their huge population is divided into two general districts)
Category: Wikipedia formal policy
URI this is known that cross-referenced is the main system.
In this era the non party elections took place in 1985 and Junejo Government came into power
National Flag . For real topic read National Flag
Trade with China restarted after a hiatus of 350 years.
"As a result Russia deployed its forces in Afghanistan on the invitation of Afghanistan. this resulted in Russias capture of Afghanistan, as is similarly the case with America these days"
and Nextcube has used for the world fist webserver and world first web browser
"Most of the Chinese kingdoms consisted of those regions which were historically the central regions of China, such as formal China -"
"2 September - Guinnea Bassu's army open fire on protest rally, killing 157 civilians"
Arrangements of Kingdom
February 26
"By this deal one of the member of the Muslim faced a ideal worshiper,at that time Huzur made a promise with the Muslims and promise is called byitharesvan."
"ayalat is in sanjaq, sanjaq is in enviorenment, and environment is divided in to koha"
The destruction comes sometime from our own people or through the warfare situation
Topic:World System
reasonable percentage be awarded to Muslims in government services as well as in private institutions.
nearest in 1853 for the satisfaction of his knowledge taste.
He born in river anan
March 10 - One more suicide attack in Baghdad killed 33 and injured 46
warranty announcement must be stayed any sort of
The general theory of relativity.
"instead of all the bad acts done to stop the lovers of islam, their power is increasing and in the elections of 1995 ,islam liking rifah party appeared as the biggest party and najam ud din irbkan who had clear views about islam became the prime minister of turki"
According to hundreds of judicial laws they were made sterile or their sexual organs removed through castration
blogs word from blog mean log or record but actually the word blog from Arabic which meaning log or book or record and this maintenance is called blog
PHP text or Web editor
Democratic republic of China first Leader was born in old era and there was impression on him for the 4 May revolution and changes
In a suicide bomb attack in  a hotel very near to Lal Masjid in Islamabad. 17 people killed including Seven police men killed and 48 injured.
These laws were prepared in conjunction with cricket playing nations and the International Cricket Council
"Jakarta, Yogyakarta has established its diplomatic organisations which has got its own autonomy."
Category: Solar System
it is not must but application is given that before distributing the copies take the permission of writer and contact him he may give you the update copy
22 February.
Migration
"On 24th April, South Africa's ruling party won elections by a one-third majority."
"The area of Egypt is 1,001,450 square kilometers."
It is the one of the official language of the United Nations since its formation in 1945.
media conference
"The sultanate of Usmani or Caliphate Usmani (Turkish language: Osmanli Devleti) ruled from 1299 to 1922, who's rulers were Turks"
239 powerful atom-bomb
Vietnam becomes 150th member of World Trade Organization (WTO).
The situation in Europe was changing as such that German army had surrendered in Stallion guard on 31st January 1943 as the siege that started since November had destroyed their condition because of hunger and lack of food.
Asper Texas and Romania document this number is called more.
Detailed article: Fall of Baghdad 2003
25th May - The American space organisation NASA space craft- Phoenix landed on the Mars soil
human must take his decision freely without any pressure
"In the north of Europe there is Arctic, Atlantic in west, Mediterranean in south and in the east there is water way that connects Mediterranean and Black Sea and valley of Qafqaz."
"At this time, Abdullah Gul is President, while Istanbul's former mayor, Recep Tayyeb Erdogan, is the Prime Minister. The wives of both cover their heads."
As soon as he reached the on this part of speech  the  of ladies in camps cried extremely.
At this point Muslim went to the house of Muhibullah Bait Hani bin Arwa
The Urdu alternatives to all the four (which feel like three) English words are as follows.
"The developments came as opposition parties, which had held their fire during the 12-day event, today stepped up their demand for thorough probe into corruption charges"
"These suspicions rose from Einstein and Maleva's letters, where Einstein refers to """"our theories""""."
Four runs are given when ball crosses the boundary after bouncing inside the boundary: example
Housey secondLove & affairs
But more and more difficulties arose when this Treaty was presented in Japan's Parliament for its approval on 5th ofFebruary.
Foreign Relations
"8,000 to 10,000 limit , 96[] slow but important of economical recovery ensued."
reason of Compellation
Suleman the 1st
after the great victory of saljoq on romi they decided constant decision for that area and like that the most area of turkey became the place of balad islami
with other insufficient requirements health also is in very bad condition in Pakistan
"In the conference held in Washington from 1921 to 1922, the allied countries stressed upon Japan to sign the naval agreement according to 5-5-3 ratio. In other words, Japan would be allowed to keep 3 warships for every 5 US and 5 British warships."
his biggest achievement is that he understood the deepest feelings of human being and presented it very simply
Xiniang's border shows today's yield of Xiniang.
17th of June - Indian prime minister Manmohan Singh met with Pakistani president Asif Ali Zardari.
"According to an estimate, 45,000 Japanese and 17,000 Soviet soldiers died in this war."
But the situation of east Pakistan kept on deteriorating gradually.
Portugal
Chinyot bazar - this side there is district jhang chiyot (which become district now)
one day match
Russia
Pakistan was ruled by the PPP Government from 1972 to 1977
Kingship
"On ethnic and national grounds, the Balkan states which emerged at the end of the 19th, century were eager to seize additional areas from the Ottoman provinces of Albania, Macedonia and Thrace (Tarakia)."
20 January - Barack Obama has sworn in as the President of America.
They apologize with Japan and they only got the right to make their proper security in Seol and for that they appointed their own security guards.
"And by using this alternate method, the human being could determine the same answer (500500), which the computer would find out by following the above mentioned instructions."
His desire was to establish an empire like China.
"As Einstein's popularity grew because of his dissertation, the Zurich University made him the Associate Profressor in the Philosopical Sciences in October 1909."
"From the beginning of the 21st century, terrorism is on the minds of the British Government"
it was the main turn in american history and because of that the power got more in culture
in this war big scholars of madina were killed in which fazal bin abbas and abdullah bin hanzal is prime
"Einstein was not able to marry due to the economic worries, but Mileva became pregnant."
So that the violence was increased in a large amount.
Important educational institutions
25 other JANET than merge into USFNET
His actual secret was that he understand the psychology of human in a deep manner and he speaks that in simplicity.
After this incident prophet Mohammed started preaching the Islam.
Turkish Air Forces F16 Plans during air fueling there planes
all 3 of these countries are now known as excess power
Mazandaran Province
According to which United Nations wanted a referendum on the island.
Einstein added that the impossibility of such an experiment also applies to Maxwell's electromagnetic waves.
Large scale bombings were done on the civilian land and for the first time a huge army was deployed
office of law works
S
After 2 years the friend of Japan reformation tried to capture but Chinese force made it failed.
Blog posts
25th May - Michel Suleiman elected as Lebanon's president.
In the history of Islam this word is used for any person who lead the majority.
Category : Islamic conference organization.
Foriegn relation and army
"The state was unable to resolve its problems and its problem were solved by the intervention of European countries and alliances, For example the war of Karimia in which the Usmanis allied with France and England against Russia."
In the Islamabad rally of Chief Justice Iftiqhar choudhary 17 killed in a suicide bomb attack.
"Run Out ---- When a fielder drops the bail with the ball before the batsman reaches his crease while taking a run, then it is called a Run Out."
Timor and Arafura sea are located in between Australian and Asia.
china also is been known as chong goa in comen drain
"In concentration camps things like these are for all prisoners, so that they can identified, most of the sings were like from which humiliation factor appeared or it become the reason of mental and psychological torture."
In National level most number of contestants group are pumplaz mushar Unanu only (MPR)
"25 September - America and its allies, Britain and France, have threatened sanctions on Iran for its nuclear plant"
Pakistani Minister was called by Foreign minister in Tehran due to bomb explosion in Zahidan city of Iran
"We get the history of Japanese documentation from 57 AD, which is also evident in the Chinese state documents"
Trape
For this Turkey gave a formal request in 1987
December.
Allama Anayat Ullah Mashraqi;
In Siberia area one American and Russian space craft smashed with each other
Hazrat Imam Ali Taqi
sanjik governer's two type. one is king and except general man.
And Asper Architectures too it is same.
16th December.
Friendly Germans
Geography
They tried to resume communications by using another phone line but all went in vain.
in 1908 A period is a phrase consisting usually of at one antecedent and consequent and totaling
"Despite this, the political instability resulted in the imposition of Martial Law in 1958"
21st October-3 people killed in North Waziristan in Drone attacks by America which also included Al Qaeda leader Abu Ayyub Al Masri.
Samatra
Universe knowledge
many laws were granted in 1933
Marge ambua's views was on the basis of Nazis views.
Roads were develpoed between Central capital of Nara and the provincial capitals
The find person is Christoper Columbus who 19 November 1493 who traveled and such the america.
according to history Hazrath Umma salama WAs present at karbala and noticed the sand turning red when Hazrath Hassan patronned .
Zaidi.
"Ghettos constructed in Europe, where Jews were imprisoned before being dispatched to death chambers."
according to some analysts the reason of this is education system.
At the end of year 1917 the Armenian Revolutionary federation established Democratic Armenia which consisted of Armenian civilians surviving from Massacre.
It is not necessary for a batsman to hit every ball or run after hitting the ball
History
"The inventor of Links is a Swedish based Finland national, named Lance"
Motorway
22 January
and the troops who are near to for defeat and it changed to another side
A BJP source hinted that the rebel MLAs might return to the city but refused to commit whether they will fall in line with the party and vote in favour of the motion of confidence to be moved by Yeddyurappa in the state assembly on October
1 January.
Letters of the rulers.
"One of these buildings was in the urban area of western Anatolia, who's leader was Usman the first."
in Pakistan there are many people whose actually mother language is different but they speak and understand Urdu very well.
Any change should me done with the will of Lanes
Although after ten these capital change to hiyankabo becuase of not liking to others and nowadays it called katobiat
Kalimantan
this is among one of those region of the world where temprature usually goes above 50 degree Centigrade (120 degree Farenheit) in summers.
"Bharat big cities are Mumbai,Kolkata,Delhi, Chennai,Hyderabad and banglore"
In 1882 Korea saw a drought
"17 July - Downfall in all the three stock exchanges in the country consectively for 15 days, Kharabs lost, Situation worse."
Turkey
Those areas which are now considered to be China's northern grounds
"America fell in danger, that it is failed to protect plant growing and forest animals,and separated  people because they cannot live  at the sight they are working."
As it was developed in the place to place it was going on purchasing smaller Institutions and was attracting student towards it.
Pakistan is the centre of Qawwali in the world
"February 4, Rain and Flood in Indonesia"
7 January - Russia blocked the gas to Europe thru -----
Chapter 3: responsibility of arbitrator
"""""Jinah's sincerity is above the doubt."
"America's economy is a story of history, this story start from the development of new economical system. It developed with the passage of time and now a day it is a large economy and an industrial power of 20th and 21st centuries."
'Stop it..' He cried.
Suicide attack on Bagram Airbase when the American vice president Dick Chen is on the visit to  Afghanistan  .
"Two days before this, in a similar attack, many people got killed."
"Mother's name was Hazrat Amna binte Wahab who was the daughter of the head of the tribe Bani Zahra, Wahab bin Abd Munaf bin Qasi bin Kalab."
February 13 - Pakistan Religious and political alliance Muthida Majlis amal  has ended boycott in the assembly and also revert the decision of resignation
"This area is called Mesopotamia or """"in between the waters""""."
"49 [] is indonesia after 1950 it is the member of united nation, 51 [] and non related countries taherik islami(OIC) 46[]."
Main articles: Foreign relations of Indonesia and Indonesian National Armed Forces
after the hijrat islamic calender started
"this distance is the least on the 3rd of January at 14,71,00,000 kilometres and the most on 4th July at 15,21,00,000 kilometres"
"On a total, fifty one lacks civilians of Poland were killed by the hands of Nazi's"
Military Tribunal for the Far East
After first and second world war to protect Europe from third world war
Indonesia is the the member and founder country and member of G20
"In their view, the right way to the country's independence was through constitutional and legal powers"
His vice person was country's second president and continued the culture of Atratark in his period
Hideyoshi was with revolter's.
"Like on 19th of September 1942 three thousand men and women captured through this exercise, and rounded throughout Warsaw, and then send to Germany with train."
This part to action of come.
His 13 children ran away to save their lives
related subjects
Category: Wikipedia
Bulgaria
The First World War started after 4 months of arrival here.
The tourists are worried with its lost color and flying dust everywhere.
"Two weeks later, Balkan states had rebelled against the Ottoman Empire."
- Taliban hostage near 400 people from North Western province.
On 11th September 2001 the charge of incident of world trade center was imposed on Osama bin laden and Alqaieda
"31 March - Boat carrying immigrants from North Africa to Europe, capsizes, killing more than 200 people"
Script also obtained for the language they are speaking that is for language vaka.
in spite of this very high political flood came and in the result in 1958 Marshall law imposed in Pakistan
Chiniot Market - the district Jhang's tehsil Chiniot (who is now become a district) is located on this direction.
We get two different models from cultural point of view.
This is collected Google's creation.
The creator of Pakistan Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah's view on all four side of the sign.
Two of them were related to honorable professions.
Einstein got Nobel Prize in 1922.
This is to remember that word web and word website is used in computer.
The Prophet's Fortune telling
The necessary of the  mountain is very important to keep   continues the balance of  the earth level.
There are different types of bowlers.
"Sino-Japanese War which continued from 1937 to 1945 (part of the second world war), forced the Nationalists and Communists to unite."
"In 1936 himler has introduce central office for same gender sex and same gender people were given are unsafe for humanity and finally same gender people are declared """"German Killing"""""
"Ruins of the Library of Afsos, 135 AD"
Kamasutara is the sub continent historical education which is for sex behaviour
example for true people
"farming in south east, tourism and famous for trees industries, because here payments are less comparing to other places"
"On 5th June, raining had stopped in Okinawa."
Reasons
There are many reasons for the Usmanis stoppage of Usmani victories. One of them was the army's inability to travel from Vienna during the period of Autumn to Fall
"In order to launch a military attack on Laiti, American General McArthur was made the Supreme Commander of the army, navy and the airforce"
ON seeing this Zaid bin Arkam got up from the gathering while saying
found in sauur every thing get eligible for zukaam
"Chief of Intelligence general kingi dohi hara , foriegn minister koki hitora , minister of war sashiro yatagami , war commander general hitaro camora , war commander general awan matasoy and war commander general hudi ketu has given death sentence"
"One year later, Japan joined the Economic comission for Asia and in 1955, Japan sent Asia"
For classes sun is G2V
Then went to meet Allah almighty on the skies.
"City's population grew rapidly after the establishment of Pakistan in 1947, which also caused an increase in the city's area."
India's Culture people many variation of thinking. There are joint to try.
peacemaker force is traditionally one powerful political force to which is known the guards of democracy of Ataturk
Cross Bow
"GRAVE OF HAZRAT BABER SULTAN-AL- QADRI, MADINA TOWN"
Till the end of the ruling system the King would apply his own thoughts and had the powers of all kinds. So all the steps to be taken and all the actions would be according to his will only.
"According to one statistics,to start the games in Tokyo approximately 3 billion dollars were spend"
10 percent go to church one or two time in a month and 19 percent people go to church on sunday on many times in a week for prayer
Japan's main religion is Shantung which is in English Shintoism.
"In 1876, Sultan abdul Aziz left his seat for Murad the fifth (1861 to 1876)"
"The British's fallacious struggle to stop them and to increase their impact in Afghanistan is remembered as the """"Great Game.”"
So that chinese language has so many syntax
Usmania turk after entering into asia has create an empire which in three hundred years has became a very powerful and big empire status and main role was turk nation bravery and management capability
the mathematician do all the majorment of it and where it is explained the argue on that
Category: German Personalities
"you will not turn your kids against me, either by what you say or by your actions"
"A status HUMAN GREATNESS  which  establised   by d Lumberton  ,a   researcher of Franc in his book """" Turkey History """" a other history man writes in his perception that there are three important  conditions  to   measure the greatness of  THE human psycho."
We have had the moon of the 14th rise for us. We thank Allah till the time there is anyone left to remember Allah
After this in 4 years many European countries were remove and some traders were kept in the harbor port.
"This was the morning of 6th of August, and the people of Hiroshima - unaware of the painful impending doom just moments away - were waking up."
It is the truth that
Laristan Province
Slovak
"Turk Majlis (Parliament) abolished the Caliphate Law on 1st November, 1922, and therefore, the 631 year old Ottoman era came to an end."
"As long as kingdom was in good condition the chery's were in good control, but after that they were out of control."
Sun is one of the star located in the center of the  Solar system .
Second batsman who is non striker is standing where the bowler bowled
for training of force francis mashir were assessed
"It's a country of ancient civilizations including Hispanics, Castin, Catalan and Bask among others."
Some device tool are also be used which is the very initial shape of computer but the development start but with the definition can't be called computer because there programmable structure is not available
look further
"India is a country in south asia, most of its area is spread on the sub continent."
"General MacArthur speculated that China wouldn't interfere, but it all proved wrong and China invaded with 300,000 troops, and pushed the United Nations' forces back towards the dividend line near the end of the year."
38 planes positioned themselves around the bomber plane in which Admiral Yamamoto was travelling
"During this rebel in January 1929, he attacked Kabul and invaded this place and then established a kingdom under the banner of Habib Al Shah Ghazi, however, in October 1929 General Nadir Khan's forces attacked Kabul, which led him flee away to a small village of Spain."
The weather in Faisalabad is of two extremes
Culture
He presented another definition of Gravitational Attraction ( Due to which the planets revolve around the sun)
(In Arabic: Muhammad bin Abdullah bin Abdul Muthalib bin Hashim bin Abd Munaf bin Qasi bin Kallab bin Murat bin Ka'ab bin Luvi bin Ghalib bin Fahur bin Malik bin An-Nadhir bin Kananat bin Khazmat bin Madraka bin Ilyas bin Madhr bin Nazaar bin Ma'ad bin Adnan
Ideal help done to immigrants by Ansar.
It was established when Ottoman Empire sent two Turkish Pilots to participate in the International Air Show at Paris.
"At that time, the number of warriors in Japan was way too much. Which is why Hiadihoshi used them to try and win over Korea, China, and even india and Philipines, after korea"
"Japanese forces dispatched their largest ship, Yamamoto, one cruiser and 8 destructive battleships to a suicide mission."
"Falun Gong claimed  that around seven to ten crore people are its followers, International means says that the figure is even more but no actual facts and figures received."
Actually this is the background which made him to think in the deep maner and expanded it.
during the time of Hon and before there are three different meanings of Chongwa
Iran announces its decision to free British soldier which it captured in its seas
On eastern part of Pakistan there is plain and on the west there is mountain
"Nevertheless, the laws of nobility weakened significantly."
The President's picture were set on fire
To its north are the mountain peaks of Aswad Sea and to its south is Cape Verde
"The plane had reached its designated height because the instructions for Colonel Powell Tibets was that before reaching the enemy, the plane should be at a height of 31,000 feet"
"This strike was executed over the Honshu area, and is remembered as 'Doolittle Reed' by the history."
That is the only what the mushreeqen has done.
Express is the newspaper published in the most number of cities in Pakistan.
"While Soviet Union was given the hold of North Korea, and  Sakhalin and Coreal Islands."
"To prepare or write a big computer program, a full team of computer programmers is required to work, it could take many years, but the chances could still remain that the program might not be as effective as hoped for and could prove to have a shortcoming."
Put it
Diplomatic relations between Japan and Vietnam were established in August 1975 after setting up the peace.
"[ cutting and Peatland's killing Green house gasses , Indonesia world's third largest emitter []83 killing of residents national and Satankumari cast's as a warning of survival of this cast , safety of the world (IUCN) identification from the union Himalayan animal , and warning including 140 subcategor"
The Democratic China had international support soon after 1949 but now this support has been transferred towards Republic of China.
Hazrat Ammar son of  Yasir
"the yonang place is called the part of makaang , in which mianmaar, lauus, thailand, kiudia, and vetnam come"
in this construction he also took part in that
due kufan's periods army power increasing there was effect on north south part of Asia and there impact was increasing
"For example the 1980 decade saw that reorganization of Malaysian political economics done very rapidly, when state granted recognition to the pro political Islam, and made them the part of government machinery."
"In 1930 elections, Nazi Party had become the second largest party in the country."
"In spite of these difficulties, in 1683, till the battle of Vienna, the Sultanate's victory march was continued. Yet, after this battle, the propagation of the Sultanate was totally expired at Europe."
Ghalib and Ali Ghar
"The American and allied forces still exist in Afghanistan, who are the real rulers of the country"
"22nd of January, The longest Eclipse of this century held."
Aid map
"On 7 May both the forces did the attack on each other for continuously for two days, in which Japan's light sea ship Show-ho got sunk into the sea, on the other hand American oil tanker big ship has been badly destructed."
world's famous qawwal nusrath fateh ali khan also is from here
Beautiful history
March 1992 linuz Ajma 1.
After the two weeks of this balforn kingdom a revolted against Ushmaniya kingdom.
16 February-Pakistan's government has announced to implement Islamic rule in swat valley
cateory: wide knowledge
With the increase in sea power of Usmani Turks Ammer al Bahr's importance also doubled and in Barbarosa's time Captain Pasha became a member of Dewan.
"28th of April,"
Reforms should be brought about in province frontier and province Baluchistan like other provinces.
Many left the country and many went in hiding.
Germany's Austria's total 7 lakh 5 thousand Jews only one third were left
Egypt (zadabham)
In 1940 he became the citizen of America.
July 17
From the east river yalook coast and east of china river coastal areas there fertilize area of land
"during the entire month,the actions Soviet and Mongolian  of armies continued around Nomonhan river."
In June 1950 the North Korea had passed resolutions for reunification of the two Koreas but the South Korea had declined it.
whatever you wrote about syed ul aqbaar that is good the owner of syed ul aqbaar who is my friend is printing my poetry
Jews and Romanians were transferred to the death chambers - located hundreds of miles away - by stuffing them into the trains like animals and transporting them to the ghettos. Where the survivors were killed in the gas chambers.
"Before 1939 they headed towards  German Czechoslovakia France, Netherlands."
government and politics
Convocation of the Presidential Election in Pakistan.
This is the conclusion of which was in 1867 to 1951 happen in Japan.
"Because of the war and immigration, Afghani people start using Urdu."
"Saint Augustine is the only colony, which has always remained populated from its inception till now."
November.
America's has also used Pakistan's religious leaders.
"The conference was on the problems of central east, but Iraq, Iran and Seria were not invited in it."
every clan has a right for separate election
Slahuddin ruled for 20 years
if in this major and non developed places are there and are located with different elements and you 1950 know that so you can isolate them
"This term however, has various technical terms which we find in medical science, while the male during this procedure produce sperms which prove vital in fertilization."
10 July.
Many Americans were either killed or migrated to other areas.
this system was nice and grew well
Being physically agile is given a lot of importance
why Iqbal was not given noble prize
It has limited access to the sea which is near Khaleej Faris' coast Am-Qasr.
Security Council can reinstate the right of membership of expelled members.
Saleem saani
"Even though individual programs were very strong, but because of the global usage of Dos, this programmes complete usage was not being utilized"
"Ashi planted a reliable puppet Emperor, and himself gained the title of Shogun (Incharge of Samurai)"
"Second son Edward was born in 1910, and was a mental patient and spent most of his life in mental institutes"
A suicide attack in Baghdad on 24th April resulted in 60 people dead and 240 wounded.
"However, Japan has now gone into a diplomatic state and hence its sea bases were a threat to western sea by its air missiles, and America knew that Japan will fight till the end."
John Hawks
Category: Languages
it is famous about Hitler that he was a good painter
For increase in business and trader the trader group increased
57 Billion years before created.
The nonbelievers of Mecca could do nothing to them
11th February- Heavy rains in Pakistan since three days.
"To get clean water, people have to depend on such private organizations who sell water after cleaning it with the help of water filtering plants."
Prime minister Britian
Mustafa Chahram
"Law System, Parliament Institution , Constitution and government planning for Germany , France and America for co-operation , even than to defeat shogun and landlord help was asked from western powers"
Soviet Union also had reservation on this thing that Japan will become the army port of America after this agreement that will endanger the security of Soviet Union directly.
"apart from this india has big issues with pakistan about kashmir, the growing population, environmental pollution, poverty, and the differences of religion and breeds"
"Nara had developed into a great capital, but its administrative roots were weak"
Italy
"This time, Japanese's had done heavy attack in an organized way and they were showing  The history tells that on that occasion, extremely tough war had begun."
April
Australia's total area is 7617930 per square kilometer
For victory the team batting second have to get more runs from the other team but if all the 10 players of the team get out then the other team will win the match.
Mirza Ghalib (1796-1869) famous poet considered as the biggest poet of urdu language
we have stopped the relation of Ghalib and Syed Ahmed khan at this point whose preferences were seen by us in their poetry's
On twelfth April Japanese army attacked the whole front of American army
This well was covered entirely with sand that was brought from Chak Ram Dewali on Sargodha Road
"9 magnitude, killed more than 34 people"
Mustafa Kamal Attaturk
"In which arab intervention , was the biggest reason of Usmani Empire defeat"
"Rival landlords were given the responsibility to construct roads, mosoleums and forts"
Najashi accepted him as a profit and told that he knows already.
"Colon 975,907 People"
One big development is the invention of natural gas and chances are there use will start very soon in a big way
Keyboard which uses for putting the information in the Computer (Photo 1:9)
"On every level of government and business, political instability , slow economic improvement, corruption and, recovery is slow. 143rd Indonesia's 2007 in the list of concepts about corruption, outside 180 countries [5] [97] transparency international's classification."
"In this war Korean history has been repeated, where Communist Alliance helped Northern Vietnam, while America and Southeast Asia Treaty Organization SEATO helped South Vietnam."
"There are two types of cricket, """"test match"""" and """"one day"""" cricket"
she is the first lady to get this award from Iran
village system
This effect is about to be restrict to long waves of light due to this small waves exit from the light that include blue and light green color waves.
"To prepare these detailed documentations, a journalistic and technical expertise is required, who is responsible in collating them the best way."
"except some cities, most of American cities have low population that is the reason they have own their cars as it is known must there"
145 square kilometers (442 sq mi).
The situation got so out of control that the American President Eisenhower's expected tour could not proceed
these local settlements gave birth to the sindh culture
Some popular distros are
"version 1,2 november 2002"
The Urdu substitues for the four English words (which appear to be three) used in this protocol are as follows
Category:English speaking countries and areas
7 March - The Republic Army attacked the British Army Base killing two British soldiers and severely injuring Four.
nancy pelosi eleected as first woman speaker of America
"Not even father left or son , no mother and daughter"
Category: Born in 1877
"From Morocco to Indonesia, all Muslims gathered under the flag of Islam, and were forming their political organisation"
In June 1747 Nadir Shah was killed after that the local committee of Loha appointed Ahmed Shah Abdali as the new Head.
Ushmans success was stopped there was many reason.
The new government forced the Chinese soldiers to leave the country and during the same time Japan sent more troops
The world community opposed the killings done by Japan and did not agree with Japan making its own Government
out of south Asia Urdu language is spoken only in Faras and Saudi which is spoken by Asian employees
Actually Japan had been facing defeats on different spots fro two years.
the results will be announced after the decision of court
zaher shah afridi
This is conspiracies of Idol worshipers
The war was on and ceasefire or laying down of arms was not possible at that time.
"After seize of the city, the Medina's Prophet had to get into fighting for three days against the tented army."
Ayeso in his palace has lived Confuciusism
"In 1948 in american , Britain , France deliberation there is Jewish country formed in Palestine and bait-ul-Mukadas half area in the Jewish possession"
"It was a worst time for central and east Europe, in 1939 there were about 7 million Jews inhabited in Europe, out of which about 5 millions were killed."
American's 27th infantry division started marching from the western coast of Okinawa
"300,000 TNI and forces soldiers TNI included."
Australian English has originated from British English
In Capital Riyadh annual rain is 100mm (4 in) which is in January  May
"This land fixed for some parks and forests but, some area reserved for oil and gas mining and some area used for cattels farm houses."
"Who is the leader on state , Commander one Indonesia national armed forces chief , and director with household policies"
"Although the Emperor always used to be the symbolic head of state in Japan, the real power and jurisdiction remained at the disposal of Shogun or the head of military. But Ayeasu established a system of government based on the traditions of both the monarchy and feudalism."
I 1902 its population was four thousand
People's Republic of China and Taiwan also didn't participate due to the civil war.
Batsman can be out in 10 ways
"After the second world war, relationship between these countries got developed rapidly from both sides, it got spoiled in the mid 1960. Russia withdrew nearly all Soviet technical experts from China that china was forced to seek and exploit another source for support."
9 persons killed including 1 American .
above 200 are injured
Category: Languages
"Ayaltian sanjank , Sanjank in kaza and kaza divided into koya"
Today all facets of life are being represented in the ROC.
this approval letter is one kind of like free nation means the work of documentation also will be in freedom as it is
Najasi accepter the invitation and said like this Injil book also says the about this only
Classical Chinese is still a part of the high school course and it usually a part of the chinese degree
"The atom bomb on which America did research as per Manhattan Plan, Britain and Canada was also part of it."
Muslim must be given one fourth place in center assembly
Caliper which is used for measurement
Only due to this unity they have gained majority over the left wing parties and have maintained power.
Governer General
"Similarly, Hazrat Abu Talib cut short his journey and returned back to Makkah."
December
Office person
Before Pakistan Bangladesh Britain
If Jews are considered to be a part of the holocaust then nearly 6 million Jews got affected by it
"In fifty century, Chinese mathematician Zu Chong Zahi discovered the value of pi till 7th degree after point."
3 January-oil prices in the international market was reached to $100 per barrel
Youtube
"the mathematics is actual, used as the numbers and quantity and the relations and on it and apart from this it can be discussed on its surface, form, changes"
"Despite the lack of guidance from government,Usmani minister of defense of that time Muhammad shaukat pasha continued his efforts to complete the air force project and sent two officers to France for training."
In march 628 the war happen between Medina and non-believers of Mecca.
west(samatra Barat samatra)--Padang
"Red Mosque, Islamabad, was opened for the Jumma prayer."
Jewish business nazi thought
Egypt democratic republic of Egypt is a country  situated in the north west of Africa and senai desert of Asia.
In deseerty areas the climate becomeas very cold
"Every human are killed during the killing , whose from three to four nation is grand father , grand mother , any one is Jewish"
"After consulting with the Benedictus, he allowed the Christians to travel to Jerusalem."
Yellow Taj Mahal
The relation of these two also proved with the new found letter which wrote by saeed ahmed khan to Ghalib
They were very plain and contented people.
May 1992 Linux version . 0
"Due to the Pacific Ocean wars, War of Philippine, Okinawa War, merciless allied aerial bombings and nuclear strike over Hiroshima, many deep wounds had appeared over Japan's body."
"This special company of Nazi, which was specially appointed to work for crematory for deadbody's which is in Poland."
"A limit of 8,000 to 10,000, 96 [] slow but important period of economic recovery ensued."
26 October-Due to fall of America's helicopter on Iraq 14 American soldiers were died
But the great personality like Kamal Ataturk refrained Britain and Greece from doing so.
he is 28 kilometer away from nara mandir
"Indias biggest cities are Mumbai, Kolkatta, Delhi, Chennai, Hyderabad and Bangalore"
which was not easy for britain to loot swiss
"Japanese fleet Shokaku was heavily damaged during the Coral War, and required many months for repairs, while the aircraft carrier fleet Zovikaku was anchored on Japan's Kobe Port and awaited the change of the air group. But it was hampered by delay in the training of untrained personnel."
"The foundation of France is on its constitution and """"proclamation of attachment to the Rights of Man and the principles of national sovereignty""""."
"Assembly holds the legislation powers, which consists of 290 elected members and represents the regions and religious groups for 4 years."
Some belong to Northern and Southern African backgrounds who were brought here as slaves a few hundred years ago
sharaat
"With this, you must take care about the following things in the altered version."
When i woke up i have seen that soil which he has given to me it has turned into blood.
In year 619 Your wife Hazrat Khadija and your beloved uncle hazrat abu talib died.
The basis of these thoughts is on labor theory of value according to which the price tags or values on the products and determined by the labor used to produce them.
one time sir syed keep him in form house
Only an HTTP request from the browser will be sent in order to ask whether this page has been updated since the last download or not?
Category : Miyari Jalain
The attackers belong to the Middle East and mostly come from the medical field
Website.
there was the big impact of ocean on climate
"People in Afghanistan who did not migrate, were kept busy in the war."
"Massive level there are war plains , ships and modern weapons continues manufacturing and all forces were moved"
"Later, Dost Mohammad Khan had won over Herat too."
Abdul Aziz's military and political successes were not mirrored economically until vast reserves of oil were discovered in March
Bowling and getting wickets
Mother's memorial
Self about
Medina (The second most sacred place in Islam)
Many people lost their lives in this bloody revolution.
Latvia
the  60 thousand smwaries fighters attacked to koria in 1592 and occupied it only after some week.
You can make this document and can distribute through the same ideas.
Hazrath Safiya binte Hai bin Qatab:her husband was killed in war of khyber and she came after arrested
"Tarizdan charls johns wrote that japan,china, filpain,malaya,veetnaam,kambodia,indonesia, and barma in these barma was killed to three cror again solders. In three cror solders there was two lake 39 thousand from cheen."
the basic difference in calculator and computer that computer store complex information in a computer program and with this characteristics with the help give you result with logic analysis
"In 1896, Lyallpur Tehsil was established by including some territories taken away from Gujranwala, Jhang and Sahiwal. It was made a part of district Jhang for administration."
The costal strip ends to the North of New Jersey
"Japanese tactics were built on the notion that if the US Navy is handicapped in the Pacific Ocean, then it would become easy for them to perform military actions in the Asian region."
First War (1839-1842 AD) happened when the Iranians dispatched troops throughout the country in order to expel the English and the Russians from Afghanistan.
"Japan did not like this step, and things got worse when China, on the request of the Korean emperor, decided to send 2800 soldiers for finding the Tonghok rebels"
"A photograph from Jinnah's youth, in traditional clothes"
In order to prevent the Christians from entering Britain got the go ahead on a law and with great sharpness of mind got a declaration approved
category:Muslim personalities
Hence what we need to remember is that what we see in the present Muslim world cannot be called as revolutionary or fundamentalists
"Further room was created to increase the relations between Tokyo and Beijing when the economic reforms began in China after Mao Zedong's death, because the private businesses were now being developed in China and Japanese investors found many fields to invest in."
"Due to Urdu's similarity with Hindi, speakers of both languages could generally understand each other."
Category: Member Countries of common wealth
This was the year of 1991 and Microsoft Dos was ruling the world
Indian partition is happened in Pakistan and India
"In 795 , it is started from hayankabo"
This destruction happens due to other and some it happens due to the war.
earthquake measure
Scorer or the score keeper is responsible of keeping score of both the teams.
"On 3rd June, 1942, after taking flight from Midway at half past twelve at night, American B-17 planes performed the first air raid."
In the beginning of 13th century the effect of his maternal side started increasing and his mother Masaku announced for the title of Shogun for her family tribe Hujo
"the reason of this much success of internet , was non monitoring any one and non-proprietary is told"
if you want to look at new lesson which we do not have so write down your query on query page
And Hind and China got new routs.
because when they were comparing their kingdom with Amvi then they were so despite
"Hokaido - Aomori- Iwate -  Miyagi - Akita -Yamagata- Fukushima- Ibaraki, Tochigi, Gunma, Saitama, Chiba, Tokyo, Kanagawa,  Niigata, Toyama, Ishikawa, Fukui, Yamanashi, Nagano, Gifu, Shizuoka, Aichi, Mie, Shiga,  Kyoto,  Fukuoka, Saga, Nagasaki, Kumamoto,  Miyazaki,  Kagoshima, Okinawa"
Japan had come to know that the campaign of Siberia and Mongolia is a unattainable process.
Saudi Arabia recognized in the world level after  National Football qualify consistently 4 times and 6 times in asian cup
The Construction of kayseri doors to completed in 1897. completed
Punjab
Due to financial problem Einstein was not getting married but Melva became pregnant
"In 1964, Cyprus was forced to be taken under the wings of the united nations"
Hazoor did his last of 10 hijary
So in the month of May Japan continued their Air attacks not only this on 20th May 35 Japan’s Airplanes attacked at a time.
A picture of the people living slave-like lives in concentration camps
These food items have become a indispensable part of American diet.
"International collaboration about economic, social, cultural, educational and health."
LATER ON THE KING OF AFGHANISTAN AMIR HABIB ULLAH KHAN WAS THE SON OF AMIR ABDUL REHMAN
Sources
7th May-10 soldiers and 22 talibans were killed in clash in Swat.
Pakistan chief justice wants a speech for Bar Association but couldn't come out form Airoport
An American private passenger also have a different value for Rail strips.
South Sulawesi (Sulawesi Selatan) -- Makassar
Big and thick forest were made and to make the Habitation of the peoples.
The power that is felt is due to the gravitational forces
"In which poets, intellectual were inlculded"
this wicket is not given to any bowler
There is very weak government in Iraq which neither can do any thing against America nor can finish local civil wars
example the firing faras whish was hot for many years got off
Detail subject : Usama bin ladin
when they were against him constantly then he give permission to migrant to Habsha where Christian king government was there
Only from Khadija and Zayneb were kids born
They did not find any ship of the allied forces nearby.
but Britisher did not do any good thing
Foreign relation
In which it include tasmania ireland and continent hindustan and continent pacific
opposition with ahle sunnat
Japan was also invited to this conference.
The bowlers mostly came at the end for batting.
Initial history
First of all they named the Vensi's is Suwardi Dewantara Suryaningrat In 1913 Indonesisch Pers was established.
no source of export in the economy is the biggest problem of Australia
A copy which is made other than the document were the markup is available or both are available.
"British government fiercely opposed to create the Jewish state in Argentine, and stressed to create it in Palestine."
"In these states, north rhine westphalia is the most populous and Bavaria is the largest by area"
he has taken education in Howard university from 1919 to 1921 and he was on the America's external mission in 1925
Rule for playing cricket
IN 1926 he became the member of Punjabs legislative assembly
Borito's and Taco's have come from Mexico
But many religious complications arose.
Germany there camp is not basically for killing but different times Jewish prisoner are in big quantity mainly during final year of nazi army
Second role
Although average temperature in summer ranges between 27 to 39 degree centigrade and in winter it ranges between 6 to 21 degree.
Faisalabad Railway Station
February 25 - Turkey plane carrying passenger crashed in which 135 passenger died including staff member
Mostly all these softwares are already installed in Linux distributions.
"Translation of After the world war, United States and Russia emerges as Super Powers, and the battles between them emerged as the Cold War"
turkey is Asia's a biggest continent
There was a total solar eclipse which was observed in many countries including Pakistan
The important Ghazva's and Sirihaat are given below
NAWALTY CINEMA
salah hadibi
"rawaainaa, the first part of kamasutra revealed on nondi when he was protecting shiva darbar"
Turkey was formally declared a hopeful for European Union's membership in 2005.
Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto was the president and later on was Prime Minister of Pakistan.
in his last order there was nothing to surrender to japan army
In  end  April two Japanese submarines RO33 and RO34 inspected the sites where their forces were to land.
pabulum
He (PBUH) had his name by his (PBUH) grandfather Hazrat Abdul Mutalib.
"User Datagram Protocol which is abbreviated as UDP, which is an important multiple-network protocol. During its use, computers present on any network could send small messages to each other. These messages are sometimes also called """"datagram""""."
"Any such scheme will not be formed in provinces through which Muslim majority gets affected in Punjab, Frontier and Bengal province."
Print making got promoted during Sung dynasty
Specially for Muslims product they success is incredible
"His vice President, Asmat Anono became the next President and continued his corrective work"
"The teams innings is completed when one team is bowled out, the designated balls finish, or the captain decides to declare the innings"
after your coming to madina the atmosphere changed and 2 groups who accepted the islam stopped the fighting and created brotherhood
"Saint Augustine is that only colony, which has continuously remained inhabitant from the day it was formed."
"As most Samaraji's had already spread throughout Asia, therefore it was natural for them to come to Japan"
Its English alternative is called as World Wide Web
Chapter 2: Search for permanent lover
In October 2005 the European alliance declared the Turk Alliance as the candidate for full membership.
The public welfare work.
11th June - revelation of the swine flu disease getting spread.
"7 million migrants from all over the world also reside in Saudi Arabia, which include 1.4 million Indian, 1 million Bangladeshi, 0.9 million Pakistani, 0.8 million Philippians and 7,50,000 Egyptians."
Indonesia was with a memember Asia's & g 20
Conditions of use
June i4-5 people killed during a  Drones Attack in South Waziristan.
There was also criticism that the Royal family was not held accountable
The results of the match
"Aprt from this India is facing were primary problems , Tension with pakistan over kashmir, increase in population,Environmental pollution , Poverty , Riots of religious groups ."
July 1
American force and army weapons was increased so much
"After the victories in 1389 at Kosovo war and in 1396 Nicolas war, the Ottoman Empire had brought the central Europe under their feet and in 1526 and 1683 they sieged Vienna also."
14th April
Smoke engulfed the city. No one could see anything nor think clearly
Translation The big countries are northern countries and the Australian capitals nation
An unambiguous situation prevailed.
A majority of 7 crore 88 Lakhs population lives near the bank of river Neil.
Normally a batsman tries to hit the ball with his bat and in this attempt he runs towards his other partner batsman in this process both exchange places and get one run
we granted this permission importantly for religion or improving works
You were an activist of freedom of country and regularly took part in political movements.
Foreign affairs
"Some Turkish companies are investigating the production of hydro power in Pakistan, so that they can invest in Pakistan for the production of electricity"
Hazrat Imam zain ul abiddin
Catch . when fielder catch the ball after hitting the bat or gloves and catch the ball before hitting the ground
according to encyclopedia Britannica all religious personality he is successful of all
Although the skilled and business class had got lots of money but their status was even below than the farmers in the society because agriculture was still considered important.
"hussain told Kurrah bin Sufyan that """"If you do not like my coming here then I am willing to go back to Mecca"""""
"28 May - end of 240 year long dominion in Nepal, declaration of democracy from elected law making assembly"
the links between Iran and America broke in 1980 and still could not solve
The while line over pitch is known as crease.
the Shiite  considered Rabi al-Awwal 9 as right date.
"If it has many non alterable parts with the similar names but with different contents , then add the name of the publisher at the end of each content if known , else let them be separated by giving different numbers."
Sate Jarmahal bakthyari
Supreme leader is the chief of Army staff
"Septmber 29 - In South and north Vaziristan the American Drone attacks killed 13 Talibaans including two Azbeck terrorist and Taliban Commander Irfan Maqsood,"
"The result came up with so many wars in which korea war Vietnam , cubian  , missile crisis and soviet union war against Afghanistan"
Sui united China in 580 AD.
scientist thought that the mass of mariq was one body (theia) which mass was the 10th part of the earth
"Because of this Indian leaders could not name their country their country as """"Hindustan"""""
On 28th June 1919 Treaty of Versailles took place among the parties.
Spain.
He studied early education in an catholic school.
Heaven and Hell there shows you Allah
first villages were caleed ayalat and after that they became vilayat though its position was as the district of sanjaq
"During the 17th century, Dutchmen prepared comprehensive maps of the western and northern coastal areas and named them 'New Holland', but made no attempt at settlement."
Wicket
"In this battle 50 thousand American Solders and one lakhJapan soldiers,Normal people of Okinawa last their lives and 90 percent of the good buildings collapsed."
"Total runs scored by batting team can be increased in these ways when bowler1). Bowls the Ball which is beyond the reach of a batsman. (This is called wide or out going ball)2). Bowls from outside the designated range. (This is called no ball, and if bowler bowls no ball in one day match then batsman ge"
This was the first step of a European on the American land
in this period samurai fighter's impact started growing
Though he was not alive to witness the creation of Pakistan. But he is officially recognized as the national poet of Pakistan.
Allegation of attempt of murder of Canadian women on Pakistan federal minister Shahid Jameel Qureshi
Abdullah Tariq Sohail
Ahmad Awal
River sindh east there is place called hindh
The great Alexander snatched many portions of it from Iranians in 329 BC which includes Balagh but the occupation of Greek did not last longer.
"due to serious illness,heda yashi after three months died on 18th September 1598"
Mahmood I
"But besides these, Google also provides many other beneficial services to its consumers."
"according to atomic scientists, this blast was bigger than Hiroshima's blast"
He hated Pakistan.
"December 1991 , Linux version included virtual memory stability"
"This player only runs for the batsman, the batsman is the only one who can bat"
Trade played an important part in the States economy. All trade routes to Asia passed through the Usmani empire
"Upon the end of 'White Australia' policy in 1970, people from Asia and other European regions began to emigrate towards Australia."
In yark town Thomas Nelson(Thomas Nelson) said like this Brittan General Cornwallis's attacked on Nelson's house and made as his headquarters.
"This protocol to make the machine that is  able or not  to be read the message,his message to send."
the third period is infect is a real  period of progress of economics in which a real economics built up and had given a  a septate subject status to economics.
June 17 -  Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had met with the Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari.
He started taking course to become school teacher.
internal connections
"In 1856, away from castes, religion etc, all Usmani citizens were declared equals"
Famous Muhammad Ismail Joabais Nasr Almakeel
"Iqbal gives revolutionary spirit to young generation, and highlighted the greatness of Islam."
Pakistan dictator general pervaiz musharraf impose emergency through out the country
19 April -
"Kamsutra says intercourse as """"The great integration""""."
Starting Achievement
after second world war decision the world art place had been shifted from paris to america
Category: Edit of Language
Chapter 1 : Books Subject
Unemployment rose considerably
Gilan Province
AT present Nicola Sarkozi got maximum number of 30% votes.
In this time in 1600 in the area Qusho an ship with Anchor style by name Willindaizy landed in Japan
but this couldn't continue for a long time but they were continue to obey law with the result rebels increased
he was mecy like hede yoshi earlier but purtagali and spanish used to go there where catholic machinery told them to go
"In 1549, the first Christian from Spain came to Japan, and in the beginning many people converted to Christianity"
"In tibet, sports like horse riding and arrow shooting are popular in festivals"
Egyptian
"(In such a way that if the document is about mathematics, then it not necessary for the secondary portion to explain mathematics."
"A similar term, Katay, is frequently used for 'China' by modern Slovak languages."
"On 16th November, 2005, the World Summit on the Information created an Internet Governance Forum in Tunisia in order to discuss Internet related affairs."
But they changed the idea of arrresting him
History says that on 13th April 1945 Hitlor married his lover and after few hours he suicide.
in which it was allotted that from the beach of north france the attack must be like that on the capital paris as big war is done
For this task he have tried every tactic to suppress his opponents.
see more
And rarely this date known to be birth date of Internet.
"Many names are included in the list of Prime Presidents, whose contributions for the Ottoman system are unforgettable. Coprelli family is prominent among them."
Chapter 3: Ways to make money
Japanese force called to chinese commander that they want to search their officer
"22nd of April,"
The japenese army made hundreds of thousands of people slaves for labour in the occupied territories
For the solution of Hindu and Muslims Jinnah presented his 14 points in reply to the Nehru Report in March 1929 in the meeting of All India Muslim League which have an importance of milestone in the Movement of Pakistan.
13th February-Consecutive fifth day of rain throughout Pakistan.
They had destroyed several ships and one among them was an Australian's named HMAS Australia in which 6 killed and 64 injured.
IETF Optical fiber typically consists of a transparent core surrounded by a transparent cladding material
"Four months after the arrival here, the First World War broke out."
Qurtaba
More then one billion people of India speaks more then one hundred languages.
on north beach beach grounds are found which gets small in north and extend in south
Usman 1 is called as the valuable person o the turkey
In jeddah it rains 54 mililitres (2.) between November and May
Most of the extraordinary and science-defying attempts made in order to explain these ultra-physical tales (or events) are such that no solid backing could be found for them in the modern science.
"The sounds of tar tar from machine guns, ear splitting roars from warplanes and the sounds of shells coming out of cannons were shouting everywhere."
15 percent people go to church once or twice in an year.
"graph is coming form delete the H called gram. Data called datagram, and cardio called cardiogram."
so many scholars of Japan was getting reputation in Europe and America
In 642 Muslims won this land but made a local person its leader
"Chief Justice of Pakistan Iftikhar Chaudry who wanted to address Bar Association in Karachi, was not allowed to leave airport"
"Even though this conference focused mainly on Europe, however Stalin agreed that 90 days after Germany's defeat he would partake in war against Japan"
"Yet, Turkey has been given full membership in the European Union."
Efforts were also made for peace treaty between China and Japan in 1974 but these efforts stopped due to disagreement on certain clauses
August 25
Due to differences between the Muslim leaders you left India and went to England.
Cinema.
31st January - provincial government's elections held in Iraq.
"In Pakistan, several more reputed Lawyers are arrested."
"Total area of Iraq is 168,743 squire mile (437,072 squire kilometer)."
These are conservative.
Copper
He has kept the prophet at the first spot.
"The production of such ships, which could traverse the ocean for a long distance, was banned at private level."
"After that Hungry , Romania , Slovakia , Bulgaria , Yugoslavia and Croatia also included"
"America, Britain, France and Israel had provided Iraq with heavy weapons"
"mantagnari bazar - this markets name was kept on saiwal old's name mangatmari, which is located in that direction"
Pakistan present civilization got affected by the above civilizations.
Gul made a bank attack and one leg was cut
Definition
moksha: freedom
Japanese army fought in the leadership of leftinent Kernel Yaawzo Azoma but they were defeated after the death of 8 officers and 97 soldiers.
"Saudi travel guide, wickey travel"
Cricket ground is either oval or round and has grass in it.
in turkey's south mountain the temperature goes up to 30 degree C to 40 degree C
Demographics
In March 9 with the secondary election has elected as member of Parliament and for introduction in the government abdullah gul has resigned from prime minister
The inflation rate stood at 2-3 percent during the past decade.
2 umpires stand between match
"According to this plan, America had done the experiment of Atomic weapon on 16th July 1945 in Trinity, New Mexico and its final decision of using it was made."
The quantity of those lovers were only 72
In a one day match if at the end of the game the scores of both teams are the same then it is called a 'tie'
Many people resisted you but slowly people started accepting your invitation of Islam
"Unfortunately, the French forces led by the Bay show was Mr. jafry hands"
Behind this is Jamna River and in front below seat is a pond
In 1991 in a discroves of matter he prepared it content which has a very great impact on history.
D ground.
Kamakura period
Strict Pahrah Ordinance issued on media in Pakistan.
"Just like other nations, there are many stories about the beginning of Japan"
founders have also included
ansaar helped migrants very well
When 60000 American soldiers landed on April 1 1945 they never faced resistance because Japanese soldiers had defense wise and didn't fought a complete war.
Hazrat Imam Jaffar Sadiq
Ghmsan's aerial war took place on 24 October and bilateral shelling continued for four days.
Ukraine
"In span of Three years, complete moon mission"
Majority of Judges refused to take oath under new system
"February 1, homosexual man tool oath for prime minister of Ice land"
July 8-50 people killed during a  Drones Attack in the region   of South  Waziristan.
After which the death rate increased from 13% to 18% in Poland
"From time to time, this region was occupied by the Huns, Mongols, Sassanids and Iranians until 642 AD."
Immediately after that on 2 September 1945 Japan had dropped their weapons and surrended. And it was the end of the world war officially.
The V in its rating signifies that like most stars the sun is also a main sequence star.
May 20 1927 according to agreement jeddah britian has to give all the area which were disputed and there are currently called country of hijaz accept abdul bin saud government
Supreme Leader is elected by a committee( Committee Khabargaan) experts in which 96 scholars from all over Iran are elected.
October.
Islamic History
South China there are Mountains and low height mountains are tremendous
but unfortunately people took his poetry and accepted also him but did not take for army issues
his increasing as a lawyer diverted famous Indian leader Bal Ganga Dhar's attention towards them and this Bal Ganga Dhar in 1905 took Jinnah's services as defense law advisor so the he can follow the case filed on them by Britain Empire for breach of peace.
Palestine also didn't participate
This one of the freedom of pro-gramme.
11th April
as Urdu spoken numbers it is on 20th number in the whole number
53 attacks and after the second attacks fear was pertaining in Indonesia.
Chikuya
june
"On 22 June, at 03:40 hours, Lieutenant General Ushijima and General  Isamu Chō committed suicide nearby Hill 89 which was called by them dignified death."
He is my old compainion.
19th March.
"His deputy Ismat Inonu became the nation's second President, and Ataturk's reforms were continued during his reign."
For an example there was an complete control on education and this is used to employment
They thought that the correct way to get the Independence was by using legal weapons.
Parwan
"As a result, protests rose and Europe was engulfed in the clouds of disappointment."
"On the cover page (and on cover if any ) give one clear topic according to the original document, as like it was in the older versions (if which were there then might have described in the historical part of the document."
"was 246 dollars, and GDP peoples party's was American $ 3,979 (international dollar) 86 [] services area of GDP is 45.3%in 2005, whish is the biggest economy account"
office attacked and destruction cause by police
Auriya Maqbool Jan
"Water is very scarce in Afghanistan although there are four rivers namely river Amoo,river Kabul,river hilmund and Hari Rod river."
July 4
15 January
so it was looking like Paris will be defeated in some remaining days
after that the position got clear
Meesaq -e- Madina
Another attack was launched at 6.20 AM which inflicted great damage on America
other then this people did not  believe in free economy and in their thinking some situations are like that in which complete economy situation cannot be present other then this it will stuck in to some where else
"In Arabic, the word Muhammad means """" the one who is praised"""", this word is taken out from its root word which means to praise."
Parliament
"However, Later the Bath Party's second government has undertaken the Oil Industry."
"The first between these two lasted from 1156 to 1160, in which Taira prevailed."
"Due to his employment in the English government, Sir Syed Ahmad Khan mostly started to live in different places outside of Delhi by February 1839 AD, and had little chance from there onwards to reside again in Delhi."
Thoughts and analysis
"In Afghanisthan 65% Population speaks Pashtaun 15 % Persian ( Dari Accent) and the remaining speak Asbeck, Turkey,Nooristaani, Balauchi etc."
Pre Islamic period
"Following a sporadic thirty-year guerrilla war between the Free Aceh Movement (GAM) and the Indonesian military, a ceasefire agreement was reached in 2005.  In Papua, there has been a significant, albeit imperfect, implementation of regional autonomy laws, and a reported decline in the levels of violenc"
"There are 4 province in Pakistan, 2 Federal Sector and 2 Pakistani Kashmir."
Asper this if you see then ICANN is the only internet can be used but its area is only internet protocol.
Which is why he participated in movements which conformed to his views
To make legitimacy to attack of Iraq Britain was in front
"Iran is a founding member of United Nations, Non Aligned Movement (NAM), Organization of the Islamic Conference (OIC) and Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC)"
al qaida took the responsibility
These tools is used in peoples life because the PC is useful for daily life and for the Industry and office Etc.
The same rule is adopted in Urdu and farsi.
"88. Major trade includes Petroleum and Natural gas, textile and clothing. After this there are"
The  of Britain.
hockey also has lost its fame
Red mosque Islamabad Jumah be opened for prayer
"Therefore, countless historians have termed the defeat in War of Lepanto as the indication of Ottoman Empire's decline."
During second World War American navy acquired his services as Weapon expert.
In 1900 Vensia is called a group of western Indonesian oder and Bastian Malayischen Inseln oder.
"In these the islands of Spain, Tainan and Gowam were important."
Wild Fire in Greece.
This is translation of mirza galib's letter which he wrote to his friend.
"The borders of this great Empire were stretched as far as the Strait of Gibraltar in the west, Caspian Sea & Persian Gulf in the east, Austrian border to the north, Sudan, Somalia and Yemen in the south as well as Slovakia and Crimea (modern day Ukraine)."
Jinnah became member of sixty people advisory council (Imperial Legislative Council). However this council had no power or capability and most of the most of the members were not English speaking Europeans
"Prophet Muhammad(PBUH) spited that eatable thing and thought that was poison. But, the companion of Prophet Muhammad didn't spit that that and died."
"Opposition landlords have been give the responsibilities to construct and repair roads, temples and forts."
Asian abacus
Pakistani soldiers could not use this benefit.
category: Turkish
Overall rights lie with Prime Minister (Supreme Leader)
"which mostly less load , level of poverty and because of being weak under the first preference resourced - government is given [82] problems (illegal) included"
Like this Muhammad became the Qaiser of Rome and this attribute shows his that intentions and to achieve this tehy have to get down to the Osmani beach in 1480and conquered the cities of Owteronto and Apolia butbut with the death of Muhammad the procedure of victories were stopped
Chapter4; Friendship with former lover again to start
"At this point, the Prophets age was 40 years"
"Services sector, including tourism, education and economic services account for 69 percent of the GDP."
On Inception earth is on malt condition but after some time water is be together on earth above surface and its surface will be cold and make a shape of crust.
American influences started impacting the optical arts very slowly.
Japan's isolationist policy continued for approximately 200 years.
All of them carried their petition of period of 225 days
"If in the document there is history in the document than inform the document title , Year, researcher and about the publisher which is shown in the main page which is the last page it gives the detail"
"By 26th august, the Japanese forces had increased to a number of 13'000."
Chikia
"Scientists think that there was a planet Theia, about the size of Mars; approximately 1/10th the radius of Planet Earth."
"In Ghalib's literary work, a persian poetry commenting Syed Ahmed Khan's compilation Aain e Akbari (year of writing H1282 corresponding to 1855 A.D) is also to be found."
The era of Matsuhito is called Miji or enlightened rule.
"galib did the govern of muslim on that aspect, working on that muslim can become the powerful too"
there is a need  for same scripts (task scheduler) and  need  to work  on script  on unix (corn on unix or linux).
These people have invested a lot in Pakistan in the past.
English men instigated Arabs for war against Turks as a result of which war was fought among Muslims on the bais of nationality.
"After the death of Hideyoshi, Tokugawa Ayasu remained the most powerful landlord."
"Almost every American jet present on the ground was destroyed, which are said to be 155 in number."
Germany is the name of a country situated in central Europe.
"Saudi Arabia's schools', colleges' and universities' rankings."
"In this main lady's are Haram sultan, Kasam sultan, and Turkhan Khadij and others."
A writer of the west Michael Hart has mentioned 100 most greatest personalities of the world in his famous book The Hundred and which played an important role the formation of the world.
"Religious stories which were mostly Confucius , Taoist, Buddhist, were written by brush and ink."
"but one former qung general yuvan shekai, who was thought unable for this inqelaab took the command with making san one side"
But they didnot give up weapons.
"at 1660 and 1530 A poem is a composition written in verse  Poems rely heavily on imagery, precise word choice, and metaphor"
"The Prophets camel stopped in front of Prophet Abu Ayub Ansaris house, and this is where he spent the night"
Ibrahim first
Category : Physical Tricia
"Freedom fighters wanted to finish goa dall kinal, and tholagi."
Chapter 3 : Responsibility of middle men
Prophet Salman Farsi
"While arranging the maps and charts of Holocaust, British historian Martin Gilbert also agreed with the above mentioned arguments mentioned by Gilbert. However, according to Gilbert the number of Jewish casualties stood at 57,50,000, because in his opinion a large number of Jews was also killed in the R"
on 8 November 1944 a flood came with huge rain
"It also then becomes possible to fill up and submit any form right on the computer via a hyperlink, and/or transfer some information back to the server, who may either keep it safe or further analyze it."
urope parliment
China is known as one of center for human culture
Google's Home
his shijra nasb meets with hazrat adnan who is the child of hazrat ismael ale salam ibn hazrath ali ul salam
"The creators of both of these ideas were Ted Nelson, and Douglas Engelbart, respectively. Both of them received guidance from 'memex', which was based on Vannevar Bush's microfilm. Bush published his thesis about memex in 1945 with the title 'As We May Think' in a monthly."
Bowlers are of many types.
with this one organization is there which showing the less effect of western culture
First Kapur War 1973
According to Shia the soldiers sent by khalifa amoyi Yazid had killed the grand daughter of Hazrath Muhammad Haseen ibn alaisalaam.
First : We should tell to other that Islam is not a wrong religion because it is not against the business.
Einstein instead of Germany went to Belgium and put his tent there
Iran province distribution
he answered as those troope have those kind  of people & my group is of these people & asked not to insult him
Europe's monarchy
Making developments of international politics
Pak mari In 1980 a biggest society which was surronding near Tariqabad
this war disappeared the old europe and created the new europe and ended the amriaat
"Major had become high spirited and after having sought a big pump in the country, he had made a big sand wall and shown his experience which was indeed useful."
first world war was started on 28th June 1914 due to this reason that some terrorist has killed Australia's prince by shooting.
San Francisco is famous for its satellite technology
Government language is English and there pronunciation has special australian
"Then too,"
"Thieir are lot of neem trees,water pons,variety of climatesfound in Australia."
Four runs are awarded when the ball hit by the batsmen falls inside the boundary circle and crossed it. Six runs are awarded to the batsman when the ball falls beyond the boundary line.
6 June - Pakistan forwarded documents of Benazir murder case to United Nations for investigations.
Another big assault was performed at twenty minutes past six in the morning. Which resulted in heavy damage to the US base.
Galib and Aligarh.
"more than 300 people were dead in a day by American forces in Najaf, Iraq."
Pakistan's 96.
"From their side, Japan decided that in order to finish a big power of the Pacific Ocean, USA, it was necessary to launch a decisive invasion."
Power Supply(Power Supply)
"in other people nooristani, pashaai, bahwi are there"
July 18
Culture
"in 1793 George Shaw and Sir James Smith wrote and published """"Zoology and Botany for New Land"""" in which they discussed about a vast piece of land rather than as a continent."
the scripting of PHP comes to in bigging and to end of crossing.
they believe that prophet(p.b.u.h) Dawat zo sheer and during the speech of Hajjatul vida has announced hazrath ali as caliph
Elections are now going to held in 2008.
Business gets strong in the use of internet exchange points.
"More than 1 million people were killed in these camps, even though the total percentage of Jews cannot be determined accuratly, but it is assumed it was nearly 50%"
Religions
lens also got angry on minix.
"In general names of United States of America, United States, US, USA, The USA, The US of A, The States and America are included."
In 1960 japanese car industry start development with very fast and it is saying that japanese ministry of international trade and industry plays a very important role
Economic system
although the against people were given from the country and outerly it helped to the army so that this can be crushed
in 1949 while getting freedom from japan kame yun sat said to suwait union leader Joseph stalen that time has come to attack on south korea and capture to that
"This implementation called """"LAMP"""""
General oshi jema to see this situation has called a meeting in shoray kilay where different part are seen and final decision was they should move toward south
history Shubka
when he told all these to his cousin brother waraq bin nofal so waraq bin nofal said whatever you told me if this is correct so that person is prophet
Many people leave there villages for better quality of life and migrate to urban cities and this trend still continues
Category: Pakistan movement
posture of government
"July 19, 26 people were buried dead due to collapse of a building in Karachi"
(Indonesia's name in English and in different places)
Many soldiers were killed from both sides
The message from God through the angel Gabriel was meant for the whole world.
first lesson 1: lessons of book
Ahmed Shah Abdalli
Now asper Kal Kavni terrorism is a very bad for the society.
in english taken with The Capital
Web pages are generally arranged in such a way that the related pages are present in a collective form which is called as web site.
Category: Pakistani Politicians
Ashi appointed a trustworthy puppet emperor and himself got the title of Shogan i.e. the In-charge of Samurai.
"For this purpose, it was necessary for Japan to expand far away from its natural boundaries, so that any kind of foreign aggression could be fended off as well as enabling the economy to prosper without a hitch."
"in the year 1271, Mongol descendant, Kublai Khan started the Yuan dynasty, which eventually came under the Song Dynasty."
This word became the beginning of silk in Latin i.e. Serika
The sword dance is a historic Bedoin ritual
even the son of yazid maavi resigned with his position in regret
View more.
This is a secreting programming language.
In 1948 when Mileva died she was alone in the hospital.
References
sadly educational systems were damaged in135 AD
His party won the general elections of 2002 and 2007.
Salahuddin was a brave and generous person.
"Parliament member who was galieway against Iraq war , terminated from Labor party and to prove the corruption against court was also unsuccessful"
Names of few famous Terrorist leaders are : Moshe Dayan who was the remained as the Chief Staff of the armed force of Israel since 1953 to 1957.
After its popularity with the public a World Cup was played in 1975 which is pleyed every 4 years
Chapter 5: Dental use
Only in capital kutok he has the power
group of Islam
the followers of Buddhism were killed why and why destroy their temples?
"Among them, the Arabian rebellion is considered to be the prime cause of Ottoman Empire's defeat."
Category: Countries
"The US had no belief that Japan could show that much courage for making attacks on the own territory of the USA. But, on 7 December 1941, by attacking the Pearl Harbor, Japan had proved it wrong to the USA."
in 2002 Many organizations offer scholarships or award grants to students whose background or chosen field.
Food
"According to history Pakistan character may be called as ashamed because due to pressure of America, Pakistan helped against the action to his neighbors best friends."
Bosnia and Herzegovina
According to an estimate in this war 45000 Japanese where 17000 Soviet soldiers were killed.
Many of them were arrested due to disloyalty and were send to Jail.
"secularism, France or France is located country in west Europe"
"in Islam it is prohibited to drink and have the flesh of swine, on this there are very tight rules"
The Allied forces feared that Japan could attack from the Rabol station
So if we survey the battle field of Karbala is the black spot in the history of Islam which we can feel even today.
This was came to know in May 2007 in Indian Parliament by report.
The Qaiseri door was constructed in 1897
Ian Stine went to belgium instead of going to Germany
"4 August - After meeting with former US President Bill Clinton, North Korean President Kim Jong Il pardoned two US journalists who were caught after illegally entering North Korea and were sentenced for 12 years in prison."
July 3 - Russia allowed america to use his Air space to attack on Afghanistan
Hot Air Baloon
July 4 - In Wimbledon sareena william beats his sister venus william and won the final
No language available
"After four hours of constant sea missile attacks on 20 October, allies invaded the coastal areas and confronted the Japanese army."
8 august
The first book which  printed with its proper name was  Alfred Marshall book the principals of Economics (Principles of Economics) which published in 1890.
Only the boundary of capital Kyoto remained the apex of their central power.
Ever changing urban life and new information gathered from the west brought the traditional society to an end.
"For instance, upon receiving the above mentioned instructions, a computer will probably execute this mathematical procedure in a thousandth part of a second, but it would never think about solving this same procedure in a comparatively simple manner."
Yayouay caste came from Korea
it there is no number in papers so you can choose any version does not matter when it came as draft
But one day match can be played at night with lighting around station only in the condition that the light is providing essential visibility.
Hazrat Ali (aleh salam)Given as a brother.
Chin began from a small warrior tribe which was located in the Shanzi area
Leary page.
Many sports competitions of international level are held in Australia.
Biota and environment
"4th of March,"
"The food of Afghanistan are so  delicious.Qabli Pulao , khamiri rotis and Ticka Kababs are most favorite dishes of their own kind, not only famous in Afghanistan,they are famous all over the"
Newspaper:Jang
"Kokoda is a track located near Port Moresby ,here the days are normally hot and the nights are cold."
"Abdullah ibn Zaid also consoled him by saying that he could stay there in Makkah, proclaim his sovereignty and they all there to support him."
"Both of them agreed to support each other politically, economically and militarily as well as taking care of mutual interests."
So the sun completes around in astronomical unit in 7 days.
thirdly the old king divided land & sezed by them
The provinces should have ministries where the number of ministers should be at least 1/3rd  Muslim
"The innocence , honesty and Generosity was popular of this family."
Taken the vote of confidence with the support of Muslim League (N) and ANP.
Physical and mental injury
"in terms of baggage transfer, the busiest airport was Memphis International Airport"
"However, 40 minutes later, an 'Everything's all right' siren sounded."
Now Prime Minister Konuoye issued a new order for southeast Asia.
"The social issues was led by the imperial kingdom, which came into existence in order to deal with issues like racism and communalism"
Dutch and British traders followed.
Mafdari's disease were coming this period only.
Chapter 8 : Feminine power
japan Anderea ten country in name of  the country yayazdakin in country name north in west in
tourists become worried due to its faded color and dust around  it.
America's team world biggest powerful team.
Statistics
There are some differences among different historians about the birth date of Allama but Government acknowledges 9th November 1877 as his date of birth.
Every member has one vote.
Both these groups later in 1866 developed themselves into two powerful army
1st March - drown attack in southern waziristan resulting 7 killed
Ibn Ziyad in Kufa
Which is why writing was considered to be more important that drama writing or painting
These people also invested in Pakistan before
cinema
Cricket is a game played with Bat and Ball in which target of both teams is to score more runs
"Kaitan means, towards heaven"
3 December -
"On 29th january 1943, another statement was issued which asked for all Roman citizens to be sent to Ashwietes"
In English language markup is a  etymology.
"His great grandparents migrated from Kashmir to Sialkot in the end of the 18th or early 19th century, and established themselves in the area of Khaitian"
although this operating system became so powerful but because of some bad dos system it was unable to be used as it is
"In the beginning of world war 2, the population of Hiroshima was 3,81,000 but because it was an important city to produce army equipment therefore Japanese army evacuated the people on a very large level and at the time of attack, the total population estimated to be present was 2,55,000."
"Now that Japanese Navy had come to acknowledge the US presence of US fleets in this region, it ordered it warships to go in the Coral Sea in order to search and destroy the allied forces."
"Among the dead, more than 90% were common citizens because Germany and Soviet army targeted common man on purpose during their attacks."
President while inaugration the wide policy structure is making favours in it's basic activities and constitutional ammendments.
That disastrous thing has been recorded as 6 Richter scale.
EUROPE
Australia's name became famous in 1814 when a British navigator wrote about his travel in the form of a book.
he is Muhammad p.b.u.h
No one got 50% votes.
"Iran,Azerbaijan,Lebnan,Iraq and in Bahrain most population was there"
Armenia
It is also quite famous to watch Olympics and football on television.
This agreement was signed for ten years
"wars against terrorism in misalo, the politician against and to send to journalist, control on press, amending to religion, and to crush those who were aspire of freedom"
"Most of the areas in Afghanistan is hilly hence its very difficult for the external forces to enter, whereas most of the population here is tribal, they hardly accept anybody's supremacy easily. However, the external forces though have tried often to make in their control, hence peace is not often seen "
He came back to India due to the struggles of Muslim leaders especially Allama Iqbal and took the leadership of Muslim League.
The beginning of the culture of the united States has come from the cuture of the English settlers
Okanewa is one beach which is 340 mile far from Japan's main land
You even had to face resistance from your own tribe as they were guardians of the Ka'aba
"With the agreement of all political parties, Pakistan's constitution was framed and implemented during this time"
The Former president of India.
Character
Hungary
"When the countrymen enquired about this claim to their religious lord, they got the answer that the claimed made by him are false since he has his own personal gains to make."
the villages and capital of Indonesia is given due to area
March
in initial victories muslim captured turkey's east places but in the mid of naa usool(aNA TOLIH) in 9th century with the arriving of saljoq muslim state could not become
Einstein was given the Nobel Prize in 1922
Pizza Hut
"in this period,chin's effect"
"but imam hussian did not agree so abdullah bin abbas adviced him to go yaman in spite of kofh, and told him that if the journey of kofh is essential for you then first write down to kofh and said them to kick out the haakims of yazid first and them you will go there"
Video
(only in test match)
"Which later on went to widespread use, and established their own separate identity."
Category: Pakistan politicians.
For this there is a formal from Turkey in 1987
Suicide attack in the mosque of Kohat cantt
"The colonies of single cell living things gets bigger slowly, in these colonies the dependence of cells on each other increased, and they got specific for different things."
33 Peoples died.
The World Wide Web had a number of differences from other hypertext systems that were then available.
After the end of war in 1950 but both side there was technical war continued
District Columbia is also there in this
He started his career as a military officer in the service of Sultan Nooruddin Zangi.
The first copy of this Topic on Mughal Kingdom was published on 2nd Rabiul avval H1281 corresponding to Friday 23rd November 1852 A.D and was made available to public which had detailed Mughal history to the period of Nasiruddin Humayun the father of Akbar the Great.
40 people including students killed in North Waziristan area of Datta Khel in an attack on school by American missile.
"United State of America .0 ,350,000)"
category: geography
"For this reason Russia, Afghanistan and Pakistan signed an agreement in Geneva in 1988"
on the marbled walls of building there are beautiful pitching of colorful stones.
This is part of the china once upon
nine american solders died in a suicide attack in Iraq
bomb made with the uranium almost 700 pounds weight placed on the plane was ready to attack and piolet also was so much keen to do that
For example it was concluded that internet IP is the idea of around and hyper text linux are the main.
Extreme earth quake in Peru
Batsman can be out with ten differnt ways
"Russian troops entered in Kabul on December 25, 1979."
The first Lunar eclipse appear in third year.
Batting
The Allies  intended to use Guadalcanal and Tulagi as the central bases to launch a campaign to destroy the  Japanese base at Rabaul.
inflation has been the basic problem of Afghanistan. Value of Afghani rupee kept on falling but now conditions are better
CATEGORY: BANU-AASAM
"More than 70% Jews of Czechoslovakia, Greece, Netherlands and Yogoslavia were killed, whereas Belgium, Hungary and Romania had 50% of their Jews killed"
"These include many products including Muslim cola for example Zam Zam or Mecca cola, to Muslim jeans, example al quds jeans. These products are made keeping in mind Muslim taste and preferences"
"The Japanese war crimes were divided into 3 categories. Class A crimes against peace, class B, war crimes and class C crimes against humanity"
Copy in any condition should not be change from the real content.
"The job of Defense Department is to handle the American arm forces, which consists of army, navy, marine corps and air forces."
Asper Vensiya Australia is on Number 2.
almost 80% Saudi citizens are Arab as breed
"It is nominated to German nation """"Vandalus""""."
Areas
"The above list shows that the majority of actual Urdu speakers lives in little Arab states (United Arab Emirates, Bahrain) rather then in South Asia."
birth and saadat
"inner mangolin murtafa surface which is on north, located in charagah"
Luxembourg
But this marriage couldn't last long as Emmi Jinnah died within months of his departure to Britain.
External link
Only the fountains near Guzri Bazar and Jhangh Bazaar remained
"moula there were peace earlier in the period of other qulfa then why this violence in your period"""" for this bad question hazrat ali gave a good answer"
Some associated states
Father's name was Hermann and mother's name was Pauline.
Murad Sani was famous for a book on philosophy
the scarification of Imam Hussain  did despite Muslims a lot
"The bases of Marxist economics are the ideologies of Karl Marx, which were basically; his famous book 'Sarmaya' (Das Kapital in German"
"Its orbital speed almost think of, but according to a new estimate."
Ghalib closed this letter by conveying regards to Syed Ahmed Khan's elder brother.
21 January - Israel has withdrawn its troops from Gaza.
The had come with bomb guns with them which the Japanese saw first time and bought immediately.
The Muslims are only trying to effectively run the tradition of business  and its techniques for their community
recently increase in air traveling and Australia's import prices has done some changed in this position
"On 16 March, for the cause of rights and rehabilitation, a long march has taken place."
"In 1956 Iraq,Pakistan,Turkey , Iran , America and Britain there is an agreement Baghdad took place which become a force against abdul nasir and Lebanon"
Ex Prime Minister of Bangladesh was stopped for soming to bangladesh
Apart from this changes were done in the history of these ancient people for political and ideological motives
Large Cities
5000 Japanese soldiers died in these skirmishes and shortage of ammunition and arms was starting to be felt
At the time of Large Function we can see all the people unity
"University of Agriculture, Faisalabad"
Those days area between Shahdra to Shorkot and and from Sangla Hill to Toba Tek Singh was called Sandal bar
"For a one year he spent in forests and caves,when he returedback to home his wife died and no information about the children."
The word Iran means the native land of Aryans.
First Suleman
Achay †.....Banda Achay
Editor of time Mohammed Ismail Jabais magnifier of points.
"Apart from Poland, Germany also attacked other countries."
"The purpose of this attack was also to overcome Japan psychologically and also to get the importance of weapons, used in the attack, recognized on international level."
"For example, Estates of Kremia and North Africa were although depended on the central government for administration and were collateral governments but they were also dependent on the Ottoman administered courts."
The other aspects of technology.
"on that the surahe al alaq ayat revealed, which was told above"
In Dora
Only wicket keeper can wear gloves in his hands.
Video
Province - Qamar
Hazrat Ayesha binti abubakar : You are the daughter of hazrat abu bakar and teenage and married to hazrat muhammad p.b.u.h
"According to the Chinese sources, Pali Kingdom started with Rabah King"
Map of Afganistan
"On 17th August the Japanese emperor removed the Prime Minister, and instilled his uncles son, Prince Higashi Koni as Japans 43rd Prime Minister, so that further revolts and attacks to his life could be stopped"
results in opposing and Europe has gone in to clouds of illness
how web works
History
Taliban poisoned almost 400 people from north west area
They really want independence and have the passion to fight with the British for independence
and were reciting poetry while playing the duff which can be translated as.
In 1957 there member countries sign an agreement in Italy Capital Rome than European economic community created
He belongs to research website www
"After Pakistans indepence in 1947, the population of the city started increasing rapidly, after which the city's area also increased"
Program Storage
"By Napalm bombs, general bombs, continuous attack of  rockets and machine guns, the moral of Japanese force started breaking."
"The other major grouping are Melanesians, who inhabit eastern Indonesia.There are around 300 distinct native ethnicities in Indonesia, and 742 different languages and dialects."
Arabic and Persian term 'Iqtasadiat' has also been used as a synonym for the Urdu term 'Muashiat'.
Netherlands
14 May- In an American bombing at Bajodh southern Wazirstan 20 people were killed including women and children
Beginning times
Chapter 3 Rules of education
Japan harbored the fear that the US and other western powers might even have proposed some concessions to Russia to make it enter the war against Japan.
27 june
Search for a new Muhammad Ali Jinnah
"Syed Suleman Nadwi, a great autobiographer and sub-continents prominent politician and journalist paid tribute to Quaid-e-Azam in Conference of Lucknow in 1916."
"In the beginning of the 17th and 18th century, England (which later became the Great Britain)occupied the Waldensian colonies and made new colonies by either finishing them or dividing them."
"In 1789 George Washington, became the president of America and in 1796 he retired from this position."
Children
There are also some hilly areas in the northern Iraq.
In 1933 March this revolt has given a very destructive results.
So the full family was such that they were made for looking after the kingdom.
Denmark
February 26 - International court of justice has declared milan melnakov innocent for war crimes
In January 2007 total 10033480 people are employed and the rate of unemployment is 46 percent at this time.
According to an estimate its number reached to hundreds in October.
Kama Kora times
"Network regulations, known as protocols, are of three types:"
He made the invasion on the properties of Taira clan which lived in the Central and Western Japan.
Thinking and opinions.
The central import market of Indonesia 2005 Japan 3.22%
category:permitted writer of jokes
interior minister of pakistan mr aftab sher pao on suicide attack
Relations between Japan and China had also soured because of a bomb blast on a railway line in Japanese captured land of Manchuria
pakistan's Presidents
"Population ratio is 9,594 km/square"
"Other important cities include Izmir, Borja, Udana, Trabizion, Ghazi Antab, Arz Rom, Azmiat, Konia, Mirsin, Antalia and Samson"
"According to an estimate in this attack besides the Japenese admiral Etto, 3700 staff of the Japenese Royal Navy were killed"
"ON southern part was uzbik , On western area(including hirat)was irani sufi's, and on eastern part it was mughal and pashtons"
he used to spent his most of time in one cave and that cave is called gaar-e-hira
"According to Yadevechim, the following estimates were organized on the basis of the census conducted after the war, population statistics and Nazi documents related to exile and killings."
"From 1947 to 1948, Pakistan had to face many problems because India did not pay Pakistan the amount of money that came in its portion."
"In 1827 in War nawarino britain , France and Russia combine navy ship hand a defeat and Algeria and Greece leaving the Usmania navy end started and with that empire was became weaken during river area"
kurtaba
And invited to compromise.
foreign relations
86% is there
"Western Europe empire became as navy power and alternate way from Europe to Asia and new World """"America"""" finding and Usmania economy are destroyed so much"
Category: History of Islam
After seeing this Zayd ibn Arqam rise from the meeting saying this:
Mirza Ghalib's review which is in the form of a small Persian poetry is avaliable in Ghalib's university portions but Syed Ahmed intentionally did not print the Ghalib's review in his Aain e Akbari
"On 15th September 1950 US General MacArthur launched a powerful offensive with  40,000 US and British troops on to the rear of the North Korean forces,smashing and forcing them back to the River Yalu on the Chinese border."
"If the border with Egypt should be seen then west is Libya,south is Sweden, east is red sea, north east is Palestine and north is Mediterranean sea."
"The 2nd attack was done on the eastern coast of Papua through Gulf of Milney, where the Japanese forces were landed. The Australian and American forces were already preparing an airbase there since 28th June 1942"
MSN
Europe according to area except Australia is world's smallest continent whose area is only one crore forty lakh square kilometer which is 2% of the total land
"In Europe, after the end of this war, America dropped atomic bombs on two cities of Japan, Hiroshima and Nagasaki and that according to the American Government and the media was because """"The war could end completely."""""
"The evolution of the communist and democrats who stood against the whites of Europe, were considered to be a threat against them and as well as the Nazi administration."
The first World War was still continued and during this Revolution came in 1917 in Russia and civil war started.
Josef Stugles.
"During the time of decadence, many areas of Balkan came under Austrian occupation."
during this travel a Christen monk by named Bahira . found some  same signs in him (PBUH) which had written in ancient Holly Books about a coming Prophet.
In the General Elections of 1946 Muslim League (N) got successful in the most of the seats and Jinnah started a regular struggle for the campaign to obtain Pakistan and Congress in the reaction of this started revolts in south Asia.
"Mughal emperor, Shahjahans wife Mumtaz Mahals mosoleum which is in Agra"
"Nusa Tenggara and Maluku, has increased its power landmasses creates is old group."
"First Oda Nobunaga tried many movements during which Japan almost united and there one of there Generals, Toyotomi Yaday Yoshi, made it till the end."
To take care of the progress and development of the inhabitants of under developed areas so that they can automatically get autonomy and freedom.
"19 April - In the North Waziristan, an American drone strike killed 13 people and injured 5."
players
"Before his death his tongue uttered few historic words:""""I regret that I have only one life to give to the country"""""
These gloves are custom made for wicker keeper's security
"But the religious and military group with orthodox thinking strongly opposed the reforms and they went so far that printing press were declared as """"Satanic invention"""" due to which 43 years after the invention of printing press in Europe in 1450 AD Ottoman empire remained deprived of the printing press"
Economy
last time tarmim was done in 1992
because japanese products were cheap and lower quality so investor and industrialist to increase the quality of product import machinery and import latest technology
Batting
"The Islamists remain fully ensconced as a power on the Turkish political scene, however. They appear to have won with 40% of share and emerged as the second-highest total of mayorships, thus Refah's Tayyip Erdogan was elected as major of Istambul."
the work of rafaa aam
The education was given a lots of importance and new schools were established.
"Another allegation leveled at Japanese military is that that its troops also ate the flesh of POWs, and many were shot dead for that very purpose."
Economy
On 7th may two forces attacked each other for two days in which Japanese aircraft carrier shoho was sinked and on their side american naval ship containing oil was heavily damaged.
Category : Dastori jaleen
There is very little rain in Saudi Arabia. But very Often there comes flood in valleys due to  heavy rain
It reduced the dependency of personal and companies on income tax to some extent.
"ameer dost Mohammad khan, who took the Kabul kingdom in 1826 started the relations with russia and Iran because sikh capured the punjab, and britishers also gave the prrof of clever as they their impact in Afghanistan with being Sikhs and Delhi's shah shujah"
when non local Christians was going local Christians started working on inviting to Christianity
They destroyed many ships which also included a ship of Australia named HMAS Australia in which 30 Australians died and 64 got injured.
"During the Spring and Autumn seasons, this term was applied to the state which was in proximity to the western Xao kingdom and which was situated in the valley of Yellow river (Huang He)."
4 centigrade
His original name was Thomogen.
the north half place of earth is populated and in south side Australia and New zeland are there
In the eighteenth century China had clear lead over these central Asian countries in the field of technology from which China had been having many wars in the past.
"On 27th April,Taliban's attact on Hamid Karzai,6 are died including member of Parliament and 3 attackers,Afghan's resident escaped By The Skin Of One."
regal cinema
it was destroyed some time with strangers and some time with its own home war
The English struggle to stop them (Russians) and increase their own influence in Afghanistan is now known as 'The Great Game'.
Afghani killed a complete part of  the British army comprising of sixteen thousand men.
History.
"For example the users were compelled to use one MB email box in last few years, Yahoo was still a facility was was providing 5 MB of mailbox to their users."
"As oppose to this country faizana weather has help him to became a world power because many of the area there was not droubt , flood remain for the limited area and most of the area is mild in nature and rain also remain normal"
"In place of France, Czech Republic took seat of president ship and Slovakia accepted Euro as national currency"
the rights of the king comes under the law of shariath and the law of Saudi
"Both China and Japan faced heavy casualties and Chinese forces retreated from Nanjing, but it became evident that defeating them now was becoming harder and harder."
One Valendizi ship was only allowed to come once in Japan in one year.
It is on August 9
2nd May-2 Pakistani soldiers and 13 talibans were killed in clash in Mohmend Agency.
Famous citizen of the German city.
"Because Vietnam war was started in the same decade, which continued until 1975, however Japan adopted its neutral stance."
Indonesia province
Second Committee is about Economics and Finance.
"while first world war osmani ocean force fought on many places in which in east gleshia, in east qafqaaz, and in south it is up to yaman placeas"
But English did not do any special act.
The walking solders is also called the riding solders.
difficult portrait of those who are living the life of slavery in camp
On 16th June agreement was accepted according to that attack takes place from Japan's then these two countries will help each other
Army had to be obedient to the Emperor without any arguments.
Cities of Pakistan for full article.
Sony progressed very quickly in modern electronics and Sony earned  a name in Japan and whole world by inventing pocket size radio.
atmosphere
Category: Europe
July
This too Understand in easy language as a teacher explain to his disciples the computer also get order accordingly.
"This United European army consisted of 600,000 people. The German Emperor, Frederick Barbarossa was also with them in this expedition."
"For instance, when Manchus overcome china, they wanted to surpress the administration run by Hun people. For that, they had to make cruel dealing against their people, even forcing them to adopt their hair-do."
At the last this moment kingdom made study and training facility.
"During the same time, American Society experienced economic prosperity"
although ahle madina fought very well but defeated by sham's army
Syed Ahmed khan have started the weekly News paper whose name was Syed ul Akhbar in which the topics of Syed Ahmed khan were also print
during BCE 2000 Indonesia and archipelago and Melanesian has send Air force in the western Area.
India is a democracy
"If the registration paper  does not show ant number you can select any type of vision,But any type of selection should be base on FSF( not according to Draft)."
There are many small or big Private Hospitals subsist in the city.Which Provide relatively costly health facility.
"First type or level is IP, which determines the data suite that transfers the blocks of data from one layer to another layer."
parts of grounds.
category: google
"On the other hand , the strength of alliance forces had been gone on increasing instead of decreasing."
11 September
"At that time, a weak government of nationalist leader Chiang Kai Shek existed in China which was under trouble due to the interior civil war being fought between various factions. Famine and corruption had hollowed the basis of the regime. But the morale of Communists among them was high."
"In those countries there are also some countries where there are laws against expressions, like Austria, Germany and Romania it is banned to do offensive hate talking and speech, which mostly applies on talking against Holocaust."
This genealogy is as follows:
"During Allama's illness, Jawaharlal Nehru came to meet him"
Mufti Azam Palestine Syed Ameen ul hussaini
The death of Imam Hussain had affected the Muslims across the world
NEWSPAPER
But in this political agenda has very less effect because of the differences in the group and lack of coordination between them.
"Muslim bin Aqeel was forced to fight alone. When drowsy with wounds, Muhammad bin Ashas arrested him after giving refuge."
For example to separate systems can be divided.
He asked for hachi men dewta and asked that is this is true than the answer was that bahshkoo can't be a king
"United States have many different areas in which district of Colombia is also included and where the country's capital is there and apart from this, many areas after the ocean are also parts of America."
Then he joined hazrath imam hussain group
In which leader of party was also there
"9th January-Suicide bomb attack in Pakistan, 22 people killed."
English people are responsible for the war between
"When Pakistan's former Prime Minister, Nawaz Shareef returned home, he was returned to Saudi Arabia from the airport with total disregard for the court orders."
Each part of Korea were claiming the other part as their own territory.
For complete Laws click: Laws of Cricket
"The boycott was reversed until they found the letters, except the word 'Allah', on Kaaba was eaten by termites."
"The batsman tries to hit the ball with smooth part of the bat, if the ball touches the edge and of the bat and passes then it is called as edge or edge ball."
in 795 yaniko period starts
Bowlling team can also get batsman out by hitting the ball with both hands
Germany field Marshal woen Pauls had no choice that they were the victim of poverty and he told soldiers to throw to weapons.
In this khutba he told all about Islam and witness musliim that i have given the message of allah
"Norway (29,100)"
And the tribe which was near defeat turned things around when this intervention took place
The plateau of Tibet has been under the occupation of Tibet from the start.
"It is in Indian states Andhara Pardesh, Bihar, Jammu and Kashmir, Uter Pardesh and capital Delhi."
In 1999 Britain and Iran exchange ambassadors
wifes
A parliament of common wealth countries consists of two houses. Queen Saint's has seventy six members and the other house has 150 members.
From that till now archeology experts has introduced city area use of coper which can be zia kingship period can be a possible way because king zia belong to this area
Topic: ancient signs
Galib is the disciple of moulana Hali and sir seyyad ahamad khan was callin Galib Uncle.
A scene of massacre of Serbian people
Test Match
Pakistan biggest and Asia's biggest agriculture university in Pakistan so thats why it is become a big agriculture market
This reduced the dependency on income tax by individuals and companies.
after many days firing and fighting both sides had equal loss
and reason for change of climate on earth
After the existing of Pakistan the city Population increase very fast because of this city area of increased
3 richter scale earthquake came in which 300 people died and 1500 got injured while nearly 50 thousand became homeless
Newspaper: Jhang
But the Japenese army was bent upon searching the area themselves and after 2 hours they issued an ultimatum
"The American army in terms of economy, culture and political influence increased in the 19th and 20th centuries"
in 29-Jul-1858 with America namely hares treaty maida has singe  in wich thro the tigarat many amar pure itafaq has done.
Travelled to America many times
Those suspicious on Marg Ambooh are also present who are called supporters of amendment in Marg Ambooh
"jamia abraani, famous writer of yeroshilam professor yahudia ver says that:"
After the freedom of India Muslim asked a separate country.
The higher General of war fighters were not in the world at that time.
America has given the name Iceburg to this mission
In Tibet importance is given to archery and general games related to horse riding are given priority.
Situation and critique
.Tkjh thirty thousand Christians in this war and so the call will banally prisoners.
after Egypt was won in 564 hijari Egypt was become Egypt leader
America has given safety to freedom and capitalism and soviet union has support communism and central planning
this accent is now called Urdu of Pakistan.
climate of district Faisalabad touches two limits.
"The Japanese Navy had their aircrafts damaged by the Allied forces that it had become difficult for it to win over them, because the third and seventh fleet had completely overcome the Japanese attack."
"Council has the right to veto assembly, local councils, presidency and the candidates of speakers of assembly."
"Japan sent more supplies in order to increase its military power but failed, and Japanese forces were pushed behind the Soviet regional boundary."
"according to law of restoring the rights of citizens they were stopped from buying medical, law, farming, and cultivated soil"
"For public access a network place , maintain it than document version should be accessed and the long version remain there"
"On January 29, 1943 another order was announced that all Roam people have to leave out from Ashvitash."
This is the asset of Countries culture
Siberia and Mongolia who has safe territory so japan forwarded and captured the area.
Every state has 2 senators who are elected at a State level for 6 years
jamia-e-derul quraan: officer colony near crescent textile mills sarghoda road
From the other side Uss was attack by the Japanese and he was arrested in a fire and was totally finished.
American congress is spread on two parliaments
"Meeting was for middle east issue but Iran,Iraq and Lebanon were not invited"
"The Rupiah has since stabilised in the Rp. 8,000 to 10,000 range, and a slow but significant economic recovery has ensued."
This wal passed between cheen manchu.
At this humans are continuously engaged in wars.
It is base member of European Union and most powerful and biggest country of Europe in terms of population and is 3rd most powerful economy of the world.
"He dispatched a pamphlet of questions to Christian missionaries, (and asked) that why was a man restricted to marry only one woman?"
Blasts are held in residence of Prime Minister and in a police station.
Ordinary Available.
Construction cost forty five million rupees and twenty thousand construction workers took part in its construction.
General Assembly
this government has to rise communism and take the help of Russia in every field in which construction of roads and army help was also there
"Even though the Japanese and Australian forces fought tough battles in different areas, in which Australia faced heavy loss of lives, but the long duration of the fight was not in favour of Japan, as General Hooriays schedule of capturing the Moorsab port was being affected"
"Local army forced them to retreat but the Mongols attacked with larger numbers two days later, fending them off was beyond Manchuko, therefore, Japanese army's help was sought."
important fact:American embassy in Greece was attacked by less distance missile
War was almost nothing because the non-believers of mecca were afraid of Muslims.
December
the good relation between unan and turkey was the main reason of assembly conducted in for European unity was the main reason
Iranian President Ahmadinejad visited Saudi Arabia to ease tension
"On 7th April, Peru's former President Alberto Fujimoro was given a 25 year jail sentence"
Bilateral relations between the two countries surged when President Richard Nixon made his first visit to the People’s Republic of China.
"mahammad bin abdullah bin abdul muttallib bin hashim bin abd munaaf bin qass bin kalab, bin marrah bin kaab, bin lawi bin galib, bin faher bin maalik, bin nasr bin kananah bin qazimah bin madarkah bin ilyas bin nazzar bin mohammad bin adnan,"
Silk
Now Pakistan's economy is stable and growing very fast.
England was the most important center for cultural development and during the Britain Empire's time English language and Church of England spread from  here while only this land is the birth place of industrial revolution.
Afghanistan in total divided into 34 waliat
"Museum of Modern Art, which was constructed in New York in 1929, became a showcase for American and international performing arts."
He after collecting the fidya gives a general forgiving to Christian and those poor who can't give fidya than Salahuddin paid there fida
"This fleet anchored at Ache in 1569, and as such it was proclaimed the Empire's eastern most territory which came under Ottoman supervision."
"It is bordered to the north by the North Sea, Denmark, and the Baltic Sea; to the east by Poland and the Czech Republic; to the south by Austria and Switzerland; and to the west by France, Luxembourg, Belgium, and the Netherlands"
Buraida (North Central Arab city)
Google world
"In test match if team after completing there two innings if there score is less than the one innings than write like this , Team lost by a inning and this run and the remaining score is"
If you are not finding something then you can contact the help page.
play spot
To link Lahore from Shiekhupura to Faisalabad it is Express highway
"After getting disappointed, Abdullah ibn Jafar had returned back leaving his sons Auwn and Mohammed behind with Imam Hussein."
"According to the sociologists, Polygamy was practiced in order to build bonds with different tribes and also to respect the woman from another tribal group."
Important thing is that that this has been happening for the last two decades and rarely anyone has noticed it.
"Because of war in 1827 with Yunani, Britain, France and Russia were became weak in their army which made Yunani Presence out of seas."
the report about yahudi killings
This attack was sudden
Relations with Iraq
In 1909 town committee give the status of municipal committee and deputy commissioner become the first chairman
Rotations
In 1180 there forces in south
"2nd of March,"
IN july 1937 war was being fought near Beijing. One month later war also picked up in Shanghai
That faction was called as Ismailis who accepts Ismail as their next Imam who was dead in his mother's life.
Members
"Then Ibn-Abbas said: """"If you do not agree, then atleast do not take your family with you. I am afraid that like Usman you may also be assassinated in front of your children."""""
Nowadays a plan for establishment Cinema house that presented Arabic cartoon for women and children.
Shiʻas were divided in groups after the demise of sixth Imam Jafer Sadiq
13 February - north Korea agreed to stop atomic programs
East Germany*
Forty people died due to firing
On Wikipedia anyone can edit but creating an account has many other benefits
"In 1921 he established an air force, albeit with only a few Soviet planes and pilots; Afghan personnel later received training in France, Italy, and Turkey."
Tremendous result
Chapter 2 : Week erection with medicine
From historical point of view these were the borders in the puppet government of Manchocho during the second World War.
Due to war and migration the afghani people now understand well Urdu language  also.
Japan is the example of raising son in the world history this is stretched over the western direction.
during this he has taken many Indian candidates and Taken part in British parliamentary elections
Out of all of them only Hazrat Khadeeja (R A)and Hazrat Zainab (R A) d/o Jahash bore children.
"basic principles of Islamic education will take out from slavery of people to slavery of god,Huriyat intention,human friend ship gives the message of Love"
"The Arabs had a knack about literature and poetry. Using the poetry and literature, the Prophet was tried to abuse, however, to be a follower of Islam, one needs to accept Prophet and respect and given a proper place"
"in which local people exploitation and killing,un manner behave with war prisoners and when fighting with enemies force they have gone against the Nuremberg charters law"
heading or it is famous named surfing the internet found because of jain armo named person who published his article with the same name which was released in 1992 by kanjaan wilsons
saandal baar - before loyal poor it was the area of cultivate field consist on big big grounds wad known by the name of saandal
I had no idea of his death but when i was going to Delhi O heard that he stayed in Sarai in Muradabad.
"After the formation of Pakistan, Mufti Azam has said that in place of Palestine Allah had graciously tracted Pakistan."
17 January - Israel announced ceasefire in Gaza war.
8 March-suicide attack take place in Iraq city Baghdad in which 28 people were killed and 57 were injured
Components of an ideal Computer
Which on 19th July 711 AD captured by the Muslim General Tariq bin Ziyad by defeating the king Rodrick (Rodrigo)
"In simpler terms, there is a maximum angle from the fiber axis at which light may enter the fiber so that it will propagate, or travel, in the core of the fiber"
See More
"the family of jinnah was belonged to Hugo Shia, a branch of shia faith but later jinnah Wistful in Shia Isna Asheri a other branch of Shia faith."
pakistaan meant LA ILAAHA IL LAL ALLAHwas belived
"Islamic Shariat was the basic law of the territory and its reference were from Quran and Hadees and in case if guidance is not achieved from both, Ijmaa and Qayas were used."
"and all in europe germany, britain and irish culture shown there impacts, and later italy, unan, ashkambaazi (yahoodi who were related to germany and east europe)also shon some impacts"
"On 3rd July 1912 in Istanbul, Usmania empire established their air academy and started building their own aircrafts and training their officers."
this is thought that jain armo him self did it but in past is is identical with amending use net as 1991-1992
Pilar on all four corners of the building
Otherwise they have to be present under the hidden margin so that it can be added to the total aggregate.
"They have declared hitler as the opponent becauase of there relation with soviet alliance because nazi party was against those people and there was propaganda that this is Jewish theory which called Nazis as """"Jewishism"""" for this propaganda nazi has implemented a law to kill those people , with this la"
Majority of arrested people are politician and lawyers
With that they have to look after the needs of new citizens among them.
"The constant attack with Napalm bombs, general bombs, rockets and machine guns now started weakening the morale of Japanese army"
hazrat ali himself call ali ul islam his brother
Video
Ashi has nominated an un trust able king and himself got a Shogun means Semrai In charge charge
2 (Shahen
"Tanaka Kakoi then Japan's Prime Minister, after coming to the power visited China and in September 1972 diplomatic relations between both countries established."
Yellow Taj Mehal
Arrival to the field of Karbala
First Bayazeed
"Usmaniya kingdom was impressed with this arts, but after conquering over the Qusthuntunia the local arts have given very good impression to them."
"the biggest island of five,  Java sumatra, Kalimantan(Boracay are Indonesian parts (Include Papua New Guinea and Slavaci)."
Umbrella.
"4- Changes, Alterations:"
"""""give me independence or death"""""
"Major agricultural products include palm oil, rice, tea, coffee, spices and rubber."
"It means this is scale of G2 5,780."
"Later on, 'Jurkens' group from the northeast, and Mongols displaced from the North and themselves came into power."
"They were attacked upon three times during the morning and evening, which resulted in the destruction of only 3 allied planes."
The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia occupies about 80 percent of the Arabian peninsula.
difference of AZAN
"The judge of the kingdom was competent enough to advise the ruling king on various issues, which included the military, finance and administration"
The citizens of Korea strive hard against the Japan for a long period.
In 2000 he is because of it good search engine he was firmed position in internet world
The flag of European Union
Topic: 2009 AD
Benazir Bhutto's second anniversary was celebrated in the whole country in which the workers bleed to clear lamps.
"Ghazva Khyber: War between Muslims and Christians happened on 7 Hijri, Muharram (May 628) in which Muslims won"
"Iran, Azerbaijan, Lebanon, Iraq and Bahrain has their majority"
Unlike old fashioned communication protocol the internet protocol suite is made such that it is independent of material body in which it is used it can transmit both kinds of valuable information from one place to another.
Amanullah Khan
"Till 642 AD this area remained with Han, Mongols, Sasani and Iranis."
You presented famous 14 points for the protection of political rights of Muslims in the Autonomic India.
You addressed at Baidah.
Salahuddin instead of taking all the things he sent this to finance department
Especially automobiles and electronics sectors were successful.
Faisal masque of Pakistan also is on the basis of Turkic Architecture.
"Howard government continue this micro economic change in which labour market temporary deregulated and government institution privatization , in which telecommunication are very important"
"The creator(s) and publisher(s) the revised version are not allowed to publicize, own or certify the write up under the aegis of the above permission"
Pure water is useful because it has a neutral pH due to its continued dissociation between hydroxide and hydronium ions.
August 14.
The warned the people about the Day of Judgment that they would be produced before the Creator with their deeds in this world.
"The distance of sun from earth is approximately 14,95,98,000 kilometers and it takes its light 8 minutes and 19 seconds to reach the earth."
Google world
european impact (1823-1919)
"These people died because of electricity shocks and falling of sign boards, walls and trees."
one picture of asrath zada people prison life in taujih camp
"The conquest of Constantinople, in 1453 AD, established the foundation of Ottoman Empire as a great force in the south eastern Europe and the Mediterranean and then began a long period of conquests in Europe, Middle East and northern Africa, which continued till 1556 AD"
In these schools the arrangement of fooding and lodging is done by the government
It is relatively easy to out inexperienced batsman as compare to experienced one
Daily Isas
20 January - Barack Hussain Obama took oath as the new American president.
The most of the population of them has been fused with the Japanese.
Media got to know that America is planning to attact Iran
In Year 391 south
"you can do this with adqaam dastaawezaat which is released with that permission with that condition which is been in the 4 page of that version, and you can publish non publish items with that and you have to perform all warranty announcements"
Prehistory
In the meantime sultan started preparations for the defense of Baitul Muqadas as the next target of the Silvians was Baitul Muqadas.
Civilization.
Situation
Radio
some japanie dansware in the east and west in the imtazag of sience sterted the lion order to became gadad.
Results
Along with increasment of power the importance of captain were nothing.
This is such a country where knowing two or more languages is a common thing
The main service of this website is to make better Video-sharing
"Japans strategy was to construct a naval station in the captured areas of Solomon Islands and New Guinea, which can be used to stop any aid between America and Australia"
Male era
Ghalib this letter and the reference to this books and it also shows the relation between books with this letter it also shows that ghalib sent his natai masnoi with this letter to saeed ahmed khan
One day Cricket
"There are a total of 12 cities with a population of more than 500,000 and 48 cities with a population of more than 100,000."
Iran is helping Iraq with the power supply
4th April
Modification in Government and politics
"On the night of 8-9 August, 1945, Prime Minister Suzuki and Foreign Minister Togo, met with the Emperor and presented the four-point manuscript prepared by the Minister of War from the session of Supreme Council."
The missing is the mainly which is connected with mental problem of the people is mention here.
category:Countries
The divide between Indonesian Asians and Australasians became a line of division between the two.
Stumped - If the batsmen step ahead out of crease to play the shot and misses and before entering the crease if wicket keeper hit the stumps is known as stumping.
"Approximately four hundred people daily were expended in this exercise in Warsaw only, sometimes this number even rose to thousands."
Prime minister selected committee on vote of confidence and usually winning party would be head.
This was exactly like how Rasputin had affected political decisions by having sexual relations with the Queen in Russia
Languages
according to Asian development Bank after 2001 economy has done good development and in this aspect no acceptable evidence were found
L.D.P was blamed to have got full monetary support from American Intelligence Agency C.I.A so as to keep the left wing parties away from power.
Datagram = data
"By standing firm to oppose the powers of enemy, Imam Hussain(R.A) has honoured the Islamic revelation by upholding the divinity and Highest Authority of ALLAH."
"before 50,000 years also there were human beings in Afghanistan and its farming also is the first in the world according to the history"
According to Afghanistan institution of statistics in terms of population following are the big cities
Blessed birth
"in almost 25 years he visited to sham 2nd time, which was for hazrat qatija ali ul islam's business group"
"If they had kept quiet, they would've received big posts in the government and could have lead luxurious lives."
There are two issues due to which china cannot satisfy with world that is less water and controlling of population
Most of their people have amalgamated with the Japanese
PHP version 4 or 5
"May 6 - Hurricane is Myanmar , feared thousand killed"
"In the leadership of Nawaz Sharif, IJI and its allied parties came in power in 1990"
"There are many public interest places in Faisalabad.that is important buildings, stadium,public garden and picnic spot are included."
The passengers give preference to travel by air for longer distances.
For research and prosperity 69% of funds are recieved from private sectors.
"in the Hu rule, some areas including Chu and Owen joined themselves to Zongoo. They had joined forces to make a new country"
"from this below regions means area, all regions, departments, commanders, districts and counties"
"Important places : Indonesia,Water fall of Indonesia,climatic conditions of indonesia"
Atlas semeru and western Java have joined bromo
"out of five million Afghan migrants,who lived for 25 years in Pakistan, most of them can speak Urdu fluently."
World war 1 was still continued and during that time there was a revolution in Russia and Internal war started
"Other than that million of Jewish Netherlands , France , Belgium , Yugoslavia are killed"
Netherlands
His reigning lasted for 45 years which begun starting from 1867 till 1912.
The relationship between wife and husband deteriorated after going to Berlin in 1914.
"this all categories of sources are fitted by the identifiers , this identifiers are also called Uniform resources identifiers and in short URI"
There are two theories about the time coming after that.
the place where camel was kept huzur bought that land and built masjid nabavvi on that
in the result of sultan osmani end new kingdom established they was almost 40 that time
"powerful Sumatran with Arangton with in danger, in the identification 15 [84]."
If that batsman cannot come for batting he is declared out
In a suicide bomb attack 24 security guards and 27 were injured in Razmak the north of vaziristan of Pakistan.
"Salahuddin also served in the army which conquered Egypt,it's commander-in- chief Sherkoh,was Salahuddin's uncle."
This slogan was spoken by famous poet Asghar Saudai in 1944 which during formation of Pakistan became very popular on everybody's tongue.
In the reign of Aurangzaib Alamgir the Muslim state was proportionately the largest.
Winter season
The prisoners were made to work like slaves in the special concentration camps until they went into the lap of death due to tiredness or sickness.
"A victim of 'submerged in cold water' medical experiment in Duchao concentration camp, under the leadership of Dr. Hules Hollner (left) and Dr. Rosher (right)"
US and allied forces consisted of the world famous 7th fleet.
"Generally, if any simple calculation is needed, it can be easily done by the calculator , but if the calculation is related to long figures then if it is done by conventional method or by arithmetic then much more extra time is required , for example if summation of all the numbers between 1 and 1000 is"
Dug a Khandak this was the first example Because this was the Iranian way
25 March - Yousuf Raza Gilani takes oath as Prime Minister. He is the 24th Prime Minister of the country.
26
a big flame of fire was came up and it was looking that it will not leave any one
Germany was trained to couple down the Nazi's and has used all the possible efforts.
Wars
"The outcome was that four big generals Osami Naganaw, Kutuhito Canin, Hagime Sogiyama and Hideki Tojo had understood that now the war with America is inevitable and made the then Emperor agree to sign the war plans."
Irani Calender
Italian Prime Minister
July 7 in the morning at 3:30 japanese troops arrive in the area
Captain plays an important role in the team.
Air or space time's theory in front of us
"Poland's citizens will be restricted to marry, to take any medical help and similar restrictions will be on Poland's citizen residing in Germany , and in this way , slowly , slowly all citizens of Poland will be terminated."
Auri masjid sustained as a popular ruler
Prohibition of smoking on Public Places and offices has started in British state England
This agreement was approved on 2nd July and the Declaration of Independence was signed on the 4th of July
Effects
The power influence of the judges was wider than the government department.
Twenty 20 cricket
The consumer will try to get more and more benefit and the mission and vision of the firm will be to earn more and more profit.
that is the reason a member of this organization always present in its quarters
"Soviet Union was concerned that this agreement would result in Japan becoming a military base of USA, which would be a direct threat to the safety of Soviet Union."
"in 1985 it was given name on Saudi arab shah's name """"shah faisal bin abdul aziz"""""
19 September
July 27
Use
Taloo 1299 to 1454
"Shrine Maulana Sardar ahmad , jhang bazar"
"The Chinese Government said that since the local population was getting disturbed due to the sounds, they should of this things before hand"
Since there was agreement between bartaniya and Japan In 1902 they announce the war and threaten the German to take away there air force.
Water has covered the surface of earth.
And it feels that the ball will hit the wicket
In future linux has develop a lot and unix market is almost over
During this period he spend some time in one village.
These stumps and bails are combinely called wicket in English.
river Chenab is situated on a distance of 30km towards the north western side of the city.
French and Indochinese colonial forces had tried to counterattack but it was impossible for them to face a huge force like a Japanese army.
"Now, Japan emerged as a powerful state while it soon started signing treaties with the neighboring  countries including  Korea"
The descendants of African slaves also made some regional impact during the initial American culture.
18 February- common election held in Pakistan
This happen for the first time that federal government consider this is a american attack and protest against the attack
no incident made islam hurt this much as karbala's incident did
here Taif and Abha like place are there
it has great impact on Australian culture
Sahoniat support
This is Arabic.
in shildhood was very close with mohammad gul baani and in young age he did business with his uncle hazrat abu taalib
In 1902 gave birth to a girl but didn't brought her up
like this total killings were 3 lakh 80 thousand(8-
11 February - 3 day heavy rains in Pakistan
This is person one vote
kaama means wish or love sastra thread or conversation sew with wool
When there is a news regarding a possession at bait-ul-Makadas than there was a big concern
18 February - General Election in Pakistan
Beginning of this wall was done from the border of the China and Manchoko.
It has already been mentioned that Japan wished to capture Port Moresby in order to gain control over the route between the Pacific and Indian Oceans by invading Northern Australia from there.
soldiers were trained that in the battle of war dead is most honor
There are 42 rules for cricket where were formed by Melbourne Cricket Club.
"Then he left that place and an information came that he took shelter at Switzerland, where  he later died in 1960"
Download Alvi Nastaliq unicode font
The tournaments which plays between these teams are known as Ashes Series.
although in japan the king is the responsible and has right of all but the main power has the army general but Ieyasu established a equal kingdom on system and wealth
"According to the customs of the Arabs unarmed persons even though they be enemies were permitted to pay homage at the Kaba,this included the permission for performance of rituals."
Economy
Category: England
Ghalib who born in a very disheartening period he seen the muslim great empire completely destroyed and English people who came outside has came into power
"the famous Farsi poet of 15th century noor uddin abdul rahmaan was from Afghanistan's place """"Gaur"""""
Urdu writing of personal website index
it was again made the part of new south wills in 26 january 1788
she inspired with his honesty and good character and sent a marriage invitation to which he accepted by saying hazrat abbu taalib
"Now the number of old people of Australia is 410003, which is very big from 115953 in 1976."
Muslim won the war
PHP text or web editor
In the period of Jamuda maximum part of Australia came in his hold.
The official figures of American CIA which means Central Intelligence Agency are like this
Local officers reported to President and President reported to King but  Shayk-ul-Islam reported only to The GOD and he done all activities according to Islamic Rule.
Key
"Under his leadership Ayyubi empire ruled on Egypt, Syria, Yeme, Iraq, Hajaz and Diyarbakar."
"this is the cause that in 1960, 1980, and in 1997 three times force made out the present kingdoms of that times"
These were the first Olympics to be held in Asia
"If the allied forces continued fighting the Japenese in Philipines, on the other hand they coninued bombing Japan, and in these activities American airforce as well"
January 628) Batlle of Musthalaq begun.
and in under 10 years internet took under all computer works with successfully
(incomprehensible)
economics
Some Japanese intellectuals suggested to stand up against the Eastern thoughts and the find outs of the Western science.
"Over all, on the south east side, there is Floward which is the mainland for all fenny grounds."
"Consequently the big rivers including Yangtze river, that is the central river, Huang He river and Amur river flow from west towards east."
Civit millitant died in south Waziristan
Twenty-three June.
Category : Countries
"Kings received respect through their splendor, and he earned the wealth of love by loving the public and taking interest in their matters""""."
the history tells that in the ending of 19th century unity started becoming
"From here, under one political leadership, the process of stabilization and uniqueness of armed force started."
"Till 26 April in Mexico, due to Swine Flu, 103 people have been dead and till 29 April the death toll has gone up to 105."
In American educational system the expenditure mostly comes from taxes and remaining comes from American treasury.
Kamasuthra in 64 zinci Asthan see
The important service of this company is the reception and advertisement of Adsense and Adwords.
This is a 730 words based a comprehensive constitution which was the mirror of Medina state
h
"On Americas insistence, the Afghani Government was established in Bonn, Germany. hamid Karzai was declared the Afghan leader"
Poetry of Ghaalib
The result of efforts of Jinnah was the agreement of Lucknow.
14th June.
They fought many wars against Ino tribes.
"The liver breaks down or modifies toxic substances (e.g., methylation) and most medicinal products in a process called drug metabolism. This sometimes results in toxication"
Mathiyath these mahathulak called Data
January
Italy
"Till 1930 christian law, modern and country totally panished."
1271 before Christ Mongolians ruling king Khan declared the buvan King and it came into existance Sung Kingdom.
"All parts of thing are arranged in limit on the web and they are identified as Uniform Resource Identifiers(URI),"
"Afterwards new south wales Governor first time use name """"Australia """" in a letter and in 1817 it was asked to give the government status"
"Empire no longer remained capable to solve its own problems, and its problems had to be solved through alliances and interruptions by various European nations. Crimean War is an example, in which Ottomans allied with Britain and France against the Russians."
When Nati force was send to western Europe then Germen task force were instructed to kill the other groups.
But daily temperature remained from 39 to 27 degrees during summer and temperature during winter remains around 21 to 6 degrees.
"Five million Afghan's migrant's,who have spend 25 years in Pakistan who frequently speak Urdu"
"The Governmental religion of Usmanian territory was Islam, But their great attitude with the non-Muslims specially The Book Given (Christians and Jewish )is the talking evidence of the Muslims being broad minded."
"Continuing his victorious sequence they occupied the areas of Al-ahsa, Qateef, the remaining areas of Najad and Hijaz(That include the cities of Mecca and Medina) from 1913 to 1926."
After Akadis developed this Sameeris and there after babul culture .
Province Asfahan
So many Bajguzar departments
After that new president of Pakistan was Farooq Leghari.
"On April 1, 1933 at 10 am on local time attackers came out in all areas of Germany and stood in front of Jew's business center. They hold some placards written """"O Germans! Protect yourself and boycott with Jews"""". That was picture of an Israel's departmental store, this store was very popular in 1930 i"
From the last 1 lakh year early men were finished and the modern human being has taken place.
Bayazid the 1st
his companions advice him to go back but he stressed on to take the revenge of Muslim-k-Bahmuayun-Ibne-Bahmaye
"Wherein the examples of different type of people and different religion's followers are given. For instance, the killing of Five Lakhs Gypsies, death of Lakhs of war prisoners in the Soviet Union who fell victim in search of rightway, Head of the States and also deaths of numerous political and religiou"
Content
"""""The Great Leader Muhammad Ali Jinnah used to rationally think out all matters, and this is the secret of his success""""."
Pakistani Ambassador summoned in Tehran's Foreign Office regarding the bomb explosion in Iranian city of Zahran.
June 1993 past minister of economy tanso chiller became the first women President against Demurral
empire of usmaniya: navy map
On reaching Madina the Ansar gave a warm welcome to the prophet and presented all their resources.
"Norway (29,100)"
Central Sulawesi (Sulawesi Palu -- (Tengah
China is not full control but they were looking after welfare of the people.
In america per capita income is the highest in the world
"Among the deputies of Prime President, War and Internal Minister used to be the Caretaker Prime President in the absence of the real one. Foreign Minister, who was called Raees Aafandi, and Chief Courtier were also included."
"Till now from 1800, most test matches have been played."
People
Peace treaty of Hudaibia
"The situation was not so different even in some Asian Muslim countries, where the process of Islamisation was growing rapidly in Pakistan, Malaysia and Indonesia."
ghanta ghar
"Altough China was a victor after Japan's defeat in 1945, however it was economically drained."
Hazrat Ummay Salama Hind Bint Abi Umayya: she was wife of Hazrat Abdullah Abu Salama.
English and other languages have used the word China Senu or San word was used
Parvez has tore this letter and according to some quotation and Prophet(p.b.u.h) has told that his government will tore in to small pieces
"this city has a Eminent place  in all Pakistan  due to  famous Agriculture University,Faisalabad and Aube research institute."
I cannot withstand for my people to suffer further hardships.
"53] attacks , and after to let hear the  fear from the other countries , is strict loss occur to Indonesian tourism industry and chances of foreign investment."
The most liked sports in Pakistan is cricket.
"While directly supporting the subroutine, many computers also remember the location where they've jumped in a program, and also remember the instruction that when they're to return to that location."
"Federal and state governments have all their laws scrutinized which are against the constitution, and the judiciary can end them"
after coming him the co-ordination and agreement between Muslim and yahodi gane peace to lovers of madinah
average temperature for summer is 27 to 43 degree centigrade(81 to 109 Fahrenheit)
this was on 6 August morning and Hiroshima's population was starting to face this fearful moments of their lives
The caravan of Chief Justice Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhary reached Multan from Islamabad in 31 hours where he will address to the bar council.
In this introduction Mirza has tried to show that the book of Abul Fazal is not worth to make so much effort to correct it.
To know about Turkey language lessons he should see turkey language
Television channels of Pakistan
"There a network system of roads and railway station for this port, with which it is directly linked with Lahore, Islamabad, Peshawar and Karachi"
The names are : -
"According to estimates, 45000 Japanese and 17000 Soviet Union soldiers were killed in this war"
"If your publish or distribute the opaque copies in more then 100 quantity, either you have to include a machine readable transparent copy with this opaque copy, or in term of network have to keep a copy of the original document which is free from amendments, where people have the easy access to it and c"
Medical Experiments
Education of Islam is the basic cornerstone of Saudi education system.
On 11 november 1918 Germany stopped the war.
"On Aug 15, 1945 at 12 noon King's message announced through radio."
one more umpire if referee whose aim is to apply the laws of cricket on players
Is taken as an administrative divide
Hazrat Abdullah Bin Umar
"When one batsman gets out, then he lefts the ground and another batsman comes into the ground in his stead."
"in one war 10,000 Christian soldiers were killed but Salebi surrounded continuosly because no other Islamic country has not help Salahuddin that's why due to surrounding of salebi the contact of salahuddin and local people were disconnected and Sultan due to full try cannot send muslims to Kamk"
The Japenese viewpoint was that these people had died and they were thrown into the sea
Move towards west and consistently made winnings and with that there was a complete defeat in 1185
America's economy most part's is achieve from services where 4% of the total people were work
Saudi Culture
Exams and the lead of the rightful is looked at with pride and respect even to date
At that time american culture was moving for economic well being
"Soviet Union Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, Andrei Gromyko had tried often to stop the procedure and at the time of signing the treaty, he walked out of the conference and found outside giving a speech objecting it."
"In nineteenth century, China adopted the defensive stance against the European Imperialism, although Europe kept on marching towards the central Asia."
except one small fight the whole process was peaceful and nabi akram entered into mecca
19% of the people are Laden.
31 March
"The total human loss during the war in Ukraine and during German occupation is estimated at approximately 5.5 million to 7 million (13-17% of total population), which also includes 1366,000 military casualties and approximately 600,000 to 900,000 Jews murdered by Ensatzgrobben."
at the end of  15 century traveling was started with this the existence of different country were came to know one by one
For example
"In fact, properties of quantities and researching & reading the relationship between them through the use of digits is called the study of Mathematics. Furthermore, it also encompasses the discussion of structures, figures and changes."
Besides this the British also gave a 1000 army to General Nadir which belonged to Waziristani tribes
Weather will be hot and dry when the temperature is more than 30 Centigrade.
to compete with this other organizations have increased their mailbox
It was not known to be that he left but when i came Muradabad I came to know that he's staying in Lodge.
Death : 1227
Relations with Iraq
In the name dead person in the there is one pillar in Jerusalem.
15 July
"It was from her that Fatima was born, as agreed by all"
14 February-Due to American drone  attack on south Vaziristan 25 people were died
In all world languages it is known as India
Inner Life
so because of that isolating color the sky looks blue
"According to estimates by Daniel Goldhagen 2.8 million soviet prisoners of war died between 1941-42, whereas till the middle of 1944 a total of 3.5 million had died"
"This thing is noticable that other than normal sense , internet or intranet or web they are oppose to each other : Internet is the complete statical combination with made of cooper wire , optical fibers is linked to each other"
"After the victory over Egypt, he was appointed as the Ruler of Egypt."
in time of British There was less problem with Mughals
Each run made by the batsman is counted by the team's collective score.
september 629) happened in the area of Muta
In the 18 century the word Holocaust was used in such time when big number of causality has happening.
"Generally in the German Nazi period, for the ethnic cleansing of jews """"Endlosung der Judenfrage"""" which means """"The final solution of the question of Jews"""" was used"
Category: Countries
"Berlin (Capital) 3,391,407 people"
We have to save millions of people.
Science and technology
in 1913 in new york held one army show one show was held in which the work done by good artists for america it was not only inspired to the people but also left its impact on the remaining part of 19 century
The supreme Military moment was called to facilitated the royal family.
Yazed was the first Usmani king who has got the title of the King.
on 16 December 1942 S S k commander and who is called the leader who is responsible for murder of Nazi's it is said that Henerch Hamler has given order that bloody Nasrad Roma Chapsiyoon and balqaan Nasrad and balqaan Nasrad people do not have German blood should send to Ashwitash those who are working 
Baghlan
Though Tim's initial sample was quite far away from what is used today but even then it included the imaginations which are seen in today's web and and after web one more plan of Tim (Semantic web ).
Category: Provocation Systems
Tehreek-e-Pakistan
This was an agenda for obtaining Japanese supremacy over the Asian population
Hazrat Miqdad son of  Aswad
Europe in the Map of the World
"In that night, when the victory was about to be achieved, the sea was completely upset, and the hard waves of sea destroyed the ships of Mongolian and in this way their backbone was broken."
Pakistans favorite sport is cricket
From 1947 to 1948 Pakistan faced monetary crisis as India did not pay Pakistan the cash that was supposed to come its way
This wicket goes in the account of the catcher and the bowler.
Aratar raj decided requested government to use atom bomb on Hiroshima and Nakasaki but government took action over them
"However at the end of the war the Senate refused to sign the treaty of Versailles, as this would endanger the spreading of the United States to Europe"
"Neither Parliament nor government had any control over the military. In fact, even the Emperor was helpless."
"War with Korea, Military power of Soviet Union and China compelled America to strengthen ties with Japan under its Treaty of mutual understanding of help and Peace."
After the evolution of process of photosynthesis all the living beings on earth got able to use sun light directly on earth.
Coral sea war was fought until 4th to 8th May 1942.
This is that NeXTcube which Tim Burners Lee had used in European Organization for Central research (CERN) and became the first web browser  of the world.
"L, survey of 1999 states Urdu and Hindi as the 5th largest spoken language"
The same western friendship has killed the amir Habi bullah Khan on February 20th 1919.
At last 1913 Jinnah joined Muslim League and in 1916 he was included as a representative of Muslim League for Lucknow Pact.
This site has fastly spread in West group in Asia which was before the Lombok.
Chapter 2: Sleeping Together
related articles.
History of the members of the European Union and contendors
"In this mutiny, many people lost their lives."
hazrat mohammad proved him self a good businessmen being very honest
In the beginning he join Indian National Congress and was a supporter of hindu muslim unity.
In saudi arabia formal eduction start in 1930
according to Aina e Akbari the opposing of Ghalib iswas right according to this Ghalib before this incident have alredy written the book on the government of Mughals
This is a way for Germany to make place for its new community
Sultan with his small army fought with a huge army with great courage and vigor.
"According to this reason on 7 October 2001 with the help of Pakistan, America has attacked to Afghanistan and captured to Afghanistan."
This was on the basis of human welfare.
This is Pakistan's industrialist center
(Chapter 5).
Judicial System
"Iqbal stadium, Faisalabad"
Space ship Atlantus successfully reached space station.
"With respect to ideals, modern economics are usually divided in a few ideological groups, which are as follow:"
April
Map of Indonesia
field middle area where batting and bowling done is called Pitch
27 people died so many injured
"United States is the longest standing democracy of the world, who's constitution is the oldest and most complete"
the surface of sun is made with hydrogen
Presidential elections in France.
He belongs to sialkot
In the differences of ali and amir maaavi the people were called shiyan-e-ali and period ali ebne abu talib is called abu sufiyan.
Kamokora government didn't replied but kugsho area start preparing for defensive measures
Among German Generals the most important worthy mentioning name is of Lodendroff and HundBerg.
The Japan’s army with the help of suggestions and planning down fell and because the positions of Japan on the Eastern and Southern were became weak so they were deciding to either they will fight till the last breath or will have to empty the place.
For the invalid use
August 11
Building of wish
Situation
"11 April,"
During the World War 2 American Navy had taken his services as a weapon expert.
"The early human races ended during the last 100000 years, as the current human race took over"
Secret Agreement
Kaab Bin Ashraf (R.A) was killed by their relative Abu Naila.
it was in that agreement that
Father was business man but not very successful
Standard Mandarin is used for giving formal education and it is taught in all schools.
"It is thought that the word 'Sirius' is derived from the Chinese word for 'Silk', which is 'Si'."
8 February - Iraq's vice president apprehended due to support to Allys
10. amending of this approval letter in future
Light and daily earning is the complementary to the  Dual nature.
Aano tribes are still a danger
"At point, Faisalabad was also known as the city of Scientists, because as compared with other Pakistani cities, there were more Phd's here."
References
Film / Drama
Distance of light is the same.
"As the war had started between East and West, and Socialists and Capitalists, chances of the breakout of another world war along some parts of Europe, Africa as well as Asia grew rapidly. In fact, a nuclear war was now anticipated, because Soviet Union had tested the nuclear capability at the end of yea"
Severe fire in Greece.
From 1788 to twentieth century Anglo-Celtic culture prevailed/exited in Australia.
Restriction applied on smoking in public places and offices in a state of Britain Ireland
"At the same moment, 14 aircrafts from enterprise and 12 aircrafts from yoshrick town were already airborne to attack Japanese navy."
"Hamburg,Population,1,73,752"
6th March
Axial rotation
"The Usmania Air force foundation was laid in 1930, thats why it is one of the oldest aviation organization."
Slovenia
"Initially, the Pakistani economy mostly depended on agriculture."
Both countries enhanced the peace process once again after four year and a treaty of peace and friendship was signed on 12 August 1978.
Ratana.
"It is called Germany in English, Deutschland in German language and Almania  in Arabic language."
Till date 8 Olympics have been held in America
Officers.
3 November
"On the basis of the popularity in the most developed city's communities of the countries like Egypt, Morocco, Tunisia, it was very difficult to ignore the pro political Islam even in Arab world."
The grave of Mughal King Shahjahan's wife Mumtaz Mughal is in Agra city of India.
Walid agreed and allowed him to return.
Mothers of the Believers
After some years he died with lot of struggle in theheart.
"earth, other planets, other ajsam rotes across the sun"
There was a storm on eight November 1944 and it rained heavily.
Since last some few years due to restriction of the government this religion is tried to accept.
Netherlands
Nine peoples have been killed including an American.
"After wards Hungary, Roman, Silvako, Bulgaria, Yugoslavia and Crushia also register."
Soviet Union and China disagreed
"""""Stump"""" only the wicket keeper can do."
economy
"KFC, Haryal choke peoples colony"
It is said that light house was made 18 year before.
May
"Six hundred villages like Khatin , were burned whose minimum population was five thousand two hundred and ninety five, Belarus residents  were ruined by Nazi's and few or all residents were killed."
Next constitution of India will be Federal.
It means that both of these contemporaneous  مشاہیر have the residence that was birthplace of other intellectual.
Runners
"America, Britain and Japan took advantage of this chaos and landed their forces in Vladivostok and occupied area of many kilometers extending till Trans-Siberia."
Australia is the only continent smaller than Europe
some times for this benamarch will have different place than the required that's why this is categorized as Harvard archtecture
Japanese government ordered there general headquarter that allied forces all the war prisons and city arrested should be freed
"Although most of the australia is desert , there are many kind of enviroments"
Where you find anything incorrect click 'modify the page' and correct the mistake
For war in Iraq Pakistan got so many Aid
they also challenge law of piece and violation of war
it's been such a long time since i have been with a woman to fill the touch of a woman is a joy to me i don't have any one to love and hold at night i ati in my house all alone bored because i dont have any on o talk to. why me....
"At the same time, Mufti Azam, was staying in Cairo"
The 730 fath and and there is one of the great schools is there so that is very deeply close.
according to the views the modern economics has been divided in to some groups which are the followings
the china characters  had passed from many changes from bigging to end.
June
Prophet's wives and kids.
category: sports
due to increase in trading and business the group of traders started developing
"because of the long age of earth and non fertile land,the climate is different and in terms of geography it is way situated away from the world so living creatures life is different and short."
Aiso in his court has again started Confucianism
your relatives are with you
"Present Constitution was accepted after the revolution of 1979. According to which in Iran Islamic democratic and Islamic Principles are declared foundation for political, social and economic relationships."
Other reforms include decrease in tax; making better the image of Ottoman empire in the foriegn countries and the permission for personal property and entrepreneurship
fifteen hundred injured
9 china resident included 74 people killed by armed people in verse hopia in one attack.
We cannot say that electron moving in the atom is in an orbit but it only this can be said that there is probability  of finding electron.
due to In this united became strong confederative government was accepted as the biggest government
Baitul Muqadas will be in the continued to be of Muslims
this is the linguistic group which is most advance and progressed and it can be divided in to many other linguistic groups.
But this process stopped with the advent of the 1st World War. However a few German officers came to the country and a few Turkish officers went to Germany for training
most of its livelihood depends upon clothes
Apart from these another weak lines are found
"This led to a heavy loss of resources, the government was unable to repay their loans, unable to manage the finances as turned bankrupt, hence was unable to manage the army"
"in adqaam you all the parts which is saved ibn the history topic section , make one section named history and make this like approval and intesaab"
After a little time he also died in a state of extreme dishearten.
Iran is known to be the oldest city of following manners.
"in this law the security was given of freedom but as well as the rights also are there and other folders also in which freedom, view expressing, religion, freedom of press, munsifana court actions, stopping weapons, and its uses, right to vote, and the right of poor were there"
The essence of the new versions will be the same where as details can be different which will explain the new problems or requirements.
Sardar Daud increased the relations with Russia and India.
made in 1992 according to basic law the saudi arabia will be governed by first king abdul aziz ibane saud sons and quran will be the constitution and sheraz will be basis of government
Development from the normal
Means neutrality and non-side taking should be taken care of.
"Total World: 60,503,578"
"28th September- In Indonesia's state, Jawa, 7."
"National organisations for health and biomedicine are based in America and Selera Geonomics - an organisation run by private funds, has played an important role Human Genetic Projects"
"According to strategy only 3-4 million Poles will be allowed to stay in Poland, and that too so that they can act as slaves for the bosses coming from Germany"
"Therefore the existence of Muslims commerce should not be taken as a road block of any sort, but it should be used to come closer to all the worlds business classes"
"The exam was conducted in August 1900, among the five students Einstein stood at the fourth position"
Professor is Stanly write about Jinnah of Pakistan in his daily book.
two countries have shown their great powers saying this was right that at that time competing with Japan is only America's standard
Indian Religious school educate Urdu and Arabic.
Picassa
D ground
"In South Eastern Europe one of the closest militants of Hitler Harman New Bachar writes that """"The local terrorist party Astas said that around ten hundred thousand orthodox belief Serbian people (including men, kids, women and old ones) were killed, then I thought that he is working with highly exagger"
"Russia's Communist Party spread the non-Islamic ideals in line with Kamal Ataturk. For example, it tried to ban the veil."
Chapter 5: Bacolia and its responsibilities
73 collection with free works
Everyday play commonly continues for seven to eight hours.
"Once the religious Welfare Party had come to power, an obstacle had fallen on Turkey's attempt to join the National Security Council."
They did not detect any allied naval ship in the surrounding area.
"Britain and USA now became suspicious that Japan could construct permanent bases there, and then it would take time to expel Japan from there."
Iran is the member of united nations non alliance organization islamic conference organization and oil exporting countries is the founder member of OPEC.
General condition
"she kept a secretary, Helen Davis for Einstein, who remained his secretary for life."
"In 1940, the Chinese Red Army undertook a big attack in the North of the country. They destroyed the railway lines and a big coal mine"
"The foundation of the Usmani empire to emerge as a big power in eastern Europe and the Roman Sea, was set by the victory of Constantinople. This began a long stretch of victories in the Middle East and North Africa in 1566"
Ushmaniya has used the arms to get a great success.
"10 July - Pakistani poet and composer,  Ahmad Nadeem Qasmi died in Lahore."
January 30-
In early 1922 Hitler declared it for a specific time period.
Egypt's 7 million people a majority of 88 million lives near the river Nile
There was not a permanent business of work doctors were handing over all the materials removed illegly.
due to better maintaining of roads and communication trading has benefited so many people
"Even though in Japan, the emperor has always been the ceremonial leader but the real power is with the Shogun or head of the army. But Isayo created a rule which included both feudalism and emperorship"
Which means if the player remained outside the field for one hour then after coming again in the field till one hour he can bowl or when the inning gets over after one hour he can come to bat
Vocational training schools are also formed  by the governmentwhich are also called as EFAT or TAFE organizations.
His age at that time was 25
Interior minister injured
"Among world's most precious things for one one time, before Indonesia its return to European newly inhabited  power"
His brother and his member Maulana Ghazi agreeed to give up the weapons.
monace
It means for him its not ESE to accept the rule of amere maiewe.
A new Turkey was thus born with the end of Sultan Usman's tenure and more than 40 representatives became a part of the new Turkish government.
On 9th April the president of North Korea Kim Jong Il elected as third President of the country.
Preachers developed the geography.
In the last decade the rate of inflation remained between 2 to 3 percent.
"Montgomery Bazar - This bazar's name was placed due to the old name of Sahiwal, which is located on same direction."
seeing the life of britian and it style he also thought to be like his nation identical
this thing was make clear that all 56 Lasani groups were Zongorian al though this claim was is not real specially when Zongoa means Democracy china
"According to america - Two planes hit to twin towers wall street in newyork and third planes hit to pentagon , Washington"
who is going to start the seeing to presnos. From that prisnos the are not going to give the respect of enemy sides fighting numbering government is also was enterfear with them.
In 1950 they use this word and this word as per marge ambua is called holo cost.
from 1973
25 August
Its height is nearly 5000 kilometres or 3100 miles
Decline and Modernization (1828-1908 AD)
Prophet Muhammad (570/571 to 632 AD) is the most important personality in the history of world. His this stature is accepted by both Muslims and non-Muslims worldwide.
Those who believe in this logic says that market actual power are those people who start the business knowingly that there is a risk and there are responsible for economic development
Microsoft launched a new version of windows named windows vista
In 1138 year Now Iraq born to thakreeth.
"Now Europe was divided, meaning on one side was Germany, Austria"
Neither there any birds left in the atmosphere nor any human or living thing on earth.
Use of cache is give the order or increase the capacity of orders.
"This decree was amended on 15th November, 1943, when Hitler ordered that multiracial gypsies and emigrant gypsies be considered German citizens."
Some anthropology experts claims that island inhabitants of Hokkaido and Honshu the Ainu tribes are the actual ancient people of this place.
denmark
main resident places
international links
these spots are of the clouds of full waters which always present in sky
The relation between The Organizer of The Ali Ghar Mission Sir Syed Ahmed Khan and the poet of great respect and honor Asad Ullah Khan Ghalib is described conversationally and it is necessary to give importance to their relation first.
Till then eight Olympics events are held in America
one view about Bermuda
"The people acting as judges in the court belonged to Australia, Canada, China, France, British India, Holland, New Zealand, Philippines, Britain, America and the Soviet Union"
The construction of the Clock House concluded during the beginning of 1906 under the supervision of Gulab Khan.
Suicide attack in inaugural Congress killed 136
"For any such part, """"safety of  the topic """" means that when you make changes in the document, in that one part remains present as under the definition of """" Topic ABC """" ."
Mosoleum of Allama Iqbal
"first international twenty/20 cup was held in South Africa, that is played every two years."
"He is under the most pressure during the match, and his decisions can affect the outcome of the match."
these condition started japan too
"Second , ask american to have some softnees in the terms and third , and attack of western powers"
Although Japan didn't sign Geneva convention agreement and during the second world war there forces violated the laws
Turkey Miscellaneous Geography is actually the result of the ground covering which is given regions from the past thousand years and still this regions are affected by quake.
This force then stood against the Shogun traditional force and fought with them to prove their might with victory
Their training  was done in higher Style and with comparison with mental ability they will be selected in management department.
These activities are just like of Israel does in South of Lebanon.
"Qaide Azam Mohamed Ali Jinnah used to take every issue with cool heartedly and that's the reason for his success."""""
client server example: this is as system in which (client software) or (client computer) give application to get the query to which listening (server software) or (server computer) provides the demanded information
"As a result, Jim Crow rules were ended in Southern States"
Austria
"Over in Europe, First World War started coming to an end after a huge destruction."
"In the summers, the maximum temperature is 50 degrees celcius (122 fareignheight) whereas in the winters the temperatre sometimes reaches 0 degrees"
This wicket goes into the credit of bowler
At east situated the district of Sahib.
"Its population is 21 million.  Mainland comprises of capitals Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane, Perth and Adelaid"
"In between 1944 jews are getting transported through railways, on the right side gas chambers are installed"
but there was no impact of the kofi's and their leaders
6 August - Bus plunges into a Pakistan river killing 34 people.
The Web required only unidirectional links rather than bidirectional ones. This made it possible for someone to link to another resource without action by the owner of that resource.
Rajya Sabha
This was the period of Usenet on internet
"The parliament did not allow American army to pass through turkey, but allowed its troops to be sent. However both America and Turkey later agreed that advantage will not be taken of this offer"
He did not want to establish a Kingdom like was the case in China
National Institute of Health is center for Biomedicine and Institution named Selera G Nomics being run by private funds has played a very vital role in the completion of genetic projects.
"28 September - In Indoesias state, Java, a 7."
taherik-e-Pakistan
Indonesia and public Indonesia is the result of discussion of war.
"Lt. colonel Ralph Honner, Commander of the 39th infantry battalion of the Australian army decide to take back the area of Kokoda but he was defeated after a two-day fight."
"16 May - Pakistani ambassador, Tariq Azizuddin, returns home after being freed."
Earth is the only planet of universe where there is life
"Battle strategy against USA, Britain, and Holland was approved in November 1941."
In 1221 AD there was a war waged between Kyoto and Kamakura in which the army of Hujo easily won the battle and Bakufo took the direct control of the royal court
and while seeing it look like this .
rukaab
"Thomas Carlyle has said in 1840 his  famous lecture """" I love  Prophet Mohammad and believe was not communality the name and fame and duplicity in his nature."
Allied forces advance towards the East and North began.
In Indonesia one president rule with democracy
Video
"Because of the occurance of back to back incidents for 2 years, America decided to support China and asked Japan to get out of China and leave it alone"
Basis of its name
Google has made it free for customers.
September 629 AD) war at the site of Motta was fought
President of Pakistan
Later on Japanese companies developed semi conductors after the transistors which had a huge demand across the world
Asqalan has considered as independent area
Country Saudi Arab is the largest country is Arab peninsula.
and attacked on Germans very dangerously so that they had to recede
In the 16th century the osmani buildered and there and they have fighted and from now onwards only in the better condition.
But from the point of view of religion there were lots of complexities arose
He said that for Muslim it is haram for others Wealth and life
"Japans activities in the Pacific Ocean had already recieved a lot of damage which had resulted in it obtaining a defensive position. This was because only 2 aircraft carriers Shokako and Zoaykako were left whereas the other ships, Riyojo, Jonio and Hiyo were of the 2nd degree in terms of being effective"
Match result
They wanted that the war should continue because to accept the defeat was such a practice for Japanese that they never had thought of it.
zaidi
Saleem the 1st
"and since 1992 til now , It retained its position in the first four positions in every Summer Olympics."
January
see more
The incident is remembered in history as the 'Mukden Incident'.
FM Radio 103 (Private)
Eight peoples killed.
but before pakistan freedom on 21 april 1938(accordimg 20 safar 1357) gulaam died
The Saudi Arabian Syllabus for the Religious Studies overwhelmingly taught at all over Madrasas in the world.
"In April 2007 Double Click named organization has been bought with 3,100,000,000 Dollars, this is most expensive purchase so far, which done by Google."
"Mustafa Kamal, who was given the title of Ataturk (Father of Turks) by Turkish people died in 1938"
"Neither the Parliament, nor the Government had control over the army and even the emperor was without control"
(1) lethu graphic press delhi
Ghazwa Fateh (Fateh Makka): In Ramadan 8 AH (January 630 AD) Muslims won
Ooung dynasty was China's last dynasty.
This is derived from German nation Vandalus
Russia has policy to increase its trading business by using the harbor.
This incident is remembered in history as the Makdin incident
Quantitative tools theory also came in this tenure
"Therefore, the rise of Muslim commerce should not be considered as an obstacle rather it will provide a chance for the business communities of the world to come closer and discover and empower such a joint market that will provide business and work opportunities; acknowledging its opportunity-providing "
In Saudi Arabia the weekly holiday is on Friday.
Kufan period
There was week movement in diplomatic and socialistic movement.
the first person name was kaif bin al ashraf this person was jewish and the second persons name was isma binte marwan .
The knowledge of Economics is divided into branches as a whole.
Entertainment places
"Japan received the authority to occupy the islands of Taiwan and Pescadoris, and to construct a Naval base on the southern end of Manchuria."
"At last in 1918, divorce was given in that condition that if the husband is awarded with the Nobel Prize, the money would be given to Mileva and the husband would provide the support to the children."
11th of June - And outbreak of Swine Flu disease discovered.
"In wake of the defeat in the Russo-Turkish War of 1877, Cyprus had to be leased to Britain in 1878 as a compensation for her support in the Berlin Conference."
"A constitutional government was formed in 1947. However as many provinces of Peoples Republic of China were engaged in the civil war, the constitution could have never been implemented on mainland."
The morale of the United Nations army under the leadership of America had dropped to such an extent that a nuclear attack was being considered
"Indonesia's strategic sea-lane position fostered inter-island and international trade,"
But Goebbels committed suicide on the 1st of May.
"As the crisis worsened, the sale of the Turkish Lira started increasing in the open market"
Japan sea side battles.
"Indonesia has received humanitarian and development aid since 1966, in particular from the United States, western Europe, Australia, and Japan."
Olympics of 1956 were held in Melbourne Australia
"Semi automatic ground environment program research APRA created , IPTO a first information processing technology office which in the first time expanded through out the country"
but japanese force stood on that we will search and after 2 hours they gave them altimetunm
This period stories and according to other record the Japan land was divided in 30 states and in all these the most powerful state was perhamico
National beverages - Sugar cane juice
Shia believes that after muhammad (p.b.u.h) only hazrat ali is the Successors
Afghan  were sincerely followers of Islam but America was using them for his purpose.
the important branches are Stabilization policy -- Economic growth -- Purchasing power parity -- supply side economics --Gold standard
Political rivals
Test Cricket
Chapter 2 : Three wishes of live
The deadliest killed 202 people (including 164 international tourists) in the Bali resort town of Kuta in 2002.
Muslim bin aqeel journey to kauf
In these days the annual increase of 10 lac per year
"In true meanings, Linux is only the name of the operating capability of this operating system."
"On February 8, Taliban released video of murder of Geologist of Poland Piotr Stanczak, who was kidnapped from pakistan some months back"
July 7-12 people killed during a  Drones Attack in the region   of South  Waziristan.
Category:Indian Poet
empire of usmaniya: one profile unlimited days order
Its urdu translation can be done as Central area
"Will have faith on basic right of humans again, and will respect, value and to take high the human values ."
"According to a reasearch agency it has been established that of the 76% Spanish christians, 54% are such that they very rarely if ever do they go to the church"
in this in case of a no ball the batting team is given a free hit in which the batsman is not declared out other than run out.
So Thai-van is also called a part of china.
"Still poverty is country's, is with the natural resources on a vast scale, new remains in Indonesia on a vast scale [5]."
"After the down fall of Russia at the end of the cold war,the America emerged as the world's sole super power,and now it is playing an important role in in trying to find solutions for problems the world over."
Apart from that Linux has also been used in backward Asian system.
languages
Kofa Imoi Hakim bashir has shown soft way to him
Alaska border also touches Canada and ocean is in the south continent north is in the north
Faisalbad Railway Station
"he took the initial education in sial kot, and metrick from mission high school, and from murray college sialkot oassed the FA exam"
In 1950 when war started of Korea then Component soldiers commander Douglas Mack Arther had given permission to para military to keep Reserve Police which was named as Japan self defense force afterward.
American occupation and current political situation.
The important cause of Second Balkan War were the controversies that arose between Balkan allies over the division of newly gained territories. Ottoman Empire fully exploited this situation and reconquered several areas in Thrace.
"For instance,should a Muslim join the unbelievers of Mecca he would not be returned; but if any unbeliever after conversion to Islam went to Medina  without  permission of from his elders,he would have to be returned."
"In other hand after captured to Afghanistan and Iraq and pressurized to Pakistan, America captured to Iran and most part of center of Islam Saudi Arab."
"Constitution is a live document and could be amended in many ways. Nonetheless, it is ratified only by the state majority."
Even though railway stations 10 miles away from Hiroshima informed of hearing a big blast however no details could be provided
But exactly the same time a conscious French general Gamelin appeared.
He kept on working for Congress without a salary.
"Do lama Park ,Stamboul"
Candidates of membership
Middle class group's entry is extremely important in industrial development.
And requested a truce.
Western Area has also developed such kingdom.
Richard Stalman theory was with tools of unix GNU was created
on April 27 1978 Sardar Dawood was murdered in one more charge
This was the people who believe in Hazrath Masih(A.S) who are roman catholic and protestant
It is taught in the schools till the higher classes as compulsory subject.
Groups till one agreement Muslims Economic and economical boycott Muslims live in Shoib Abe talib till three years
"According to the agreement, Bonin and Ryukyu Islands - which  included the islands of Okinawa, Amami, Myako, and Yaiyama - were brought under US hegemony."
"Part which is called history keep it as it , non change in the title , and included minimum one thing , which the change version title , Year, new researcher and publisher information in the main page"
"March 16, Prime Minister of Pakistan Syed Yousuf Raza Giliani addressed the nation and announced the restoration of chief justice Iftikhar Ahmed Chaudry and other judges"
"11 June: 2 attacks on Pakistan from AMERICA, WITH MAJOR 13 army and 15 citizens killed"
Worship of ancestors.
Prophet's camel stopped in front of Hazrat Abu Ayub Ansar's house and he stayed there.
first of all vensia's is color was Suwardi and Indonesisch Pers
River Ravi is situated at the distance of 40 km at the south east of city
"but now very exhausting work is there which is difficult to accomplish in now a days versions  to solve this problem one method is gained in which changes can made for example ADD, SUB, JUMP etc..."
The time has come for us tolerate the intolerable.
"From 1830 to 1880 40 million cows were killed for the expansion of railway, for the skin and for the flesh."
Earthquake of 3 richter scale came in which 300 people were killed and more than 1500 injured whereas 50 thousand got homeless.
Due to heavy gusts of wind trees were uprooted and due to the rain mud levees began to fall.
The figures of population also include with them.
"it has been told before that japan was keen to capture on morsbay harbor, from there he it can attack on east australia and capture to the root of Indian ocean and baher-ul-kaahil"
11 June - spreading swine flu came to know
60 People died due to an Earthquake of 1 richter scale.
He became king in 1175 with the age of 13 year
"Similarly, Foreign Minister Togo was also ousted, and his responsibilities were handed over to Mamoro Shigemetsu."
"Hitler mentioned in his autobiography """"My Struggle""""  and showed his attitude and hate against Jews and warned them don't interfere in Political, Social and Cultural life of Germans"
in the very period on the Eurasian places there was the kingdom of Mongolians
The Expansion (1453-1683)
One of anu Small sole of making big.
Traditional cloth Minangkabau women
Hazrath Hafsa binte omer:she was the daughter of hazrath omer
"On 1st of January 1901 these 6 colonies created a federation together, and because of that Commonwealth of Australia had created."
"in which Jews and non-Jews both were included, This means that during the war in Poland, according to the census before the war, Poland has to suffer its 16% of it's civil population"
internal sources
In 1767 tax was imposed on tea and other items.
Japanese had to strengthen their base over there with aim of dispersing the attempts of allies in the south east Asia.
His expansionary policies was also causing the uneasiness to increase
for this 3 things rare required:
Province Gilaan
"Canada with nineteen percent is on the first position in external business with America , and after that China, Mexico, Japan 's positions come."
The Governmental  occasion of PHP.
the difference was accepted in japan which was started in china and in which the most famous is zain
This thing was make sure that all 56 gender groups although this was politically disputed mainly chung go means Democratic republic of China
Rights of Jews government
Administrative division
26th October - An American helicopter crashed in Afghanistan killing 14 American soldiers.
Urdu is the one of the government language of India
"In this Hazoor did not participated, that is why it is not called Ghazwa"
due to ill people government it was force to create In in 1787
"In April 2003 Applied Semantics named organization has been bought with 102,000,000 Dollars."
they named their search engine BackRub and started working on it.
Although Japan was moving forwarding according to its plan the inclement weather made it difficult the zeronasi airforce fighter jet to land on the navy ship which caused a two day delay.
According to some historians Arab married many times due to retain relationship with other tribes and some said they married with women to respect them.
Prophet Khalid bin Waleed
Australia was ranked at 35 in 2006 for press freedom which was behind New Zealand but ahead of America
Fishing rod
For the Example wenstn Churchill was also using the same word to kill the common people.
in the period of mustafa saalse there were around 300 schools in only filistin
He was not only one of the most famous conquerer and ruler of Islamic history but also of world history.
some Japanese dancers from west side or north side since with imtazag they were doing the case to call chadat
France is among founding members of NATO
In Europe WW1 was about to terminate after great destruction.
"Mustafa Kamal, who was given the title of Ataturk (father of Turks) by the nation in honor of his services, died in 1938."
You were the eldest among seven children of your father Jinnah Poonja (1857-1901)
"more than 400 mamalia, ,ore than 700 birds, 500 reptiles, means almost 900000 has been noted"
It was told in that
"Jinnah sahib knew the importance of religion in politics and society, they were stubborn that, for the prosperity of country everyone has to work together."
This General theory of Employment.
"As the Ottoman Navy's strength got developed, so was the role and status of the Captain of the sea being doubly increased. And at the time of Barbarossa, the position of the captain had exalted to the level of Diwan."
France.
Suicide attack in the Kohat cantonment's mosque.
The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers
"the internet protocol shout will be designed to old massage sending instrument against,this things not careening body contacts,each and every message sending instrument(silk or non silk)and both sides thinking message will be taking then it will managing Internets traffic."
Topic: 2010 AD
Boycott was stopped when they Kaaba hanged words except the word Allah all the words were eaten by termite
On which Muslim soldier Tariq Bin Ziad occupied on 19th July 711 after defeating Kind Rodrick.
"Indonesian government worked with other countries and accused in big bomb blasts , Islamic armed lover and Alqaida connected , they are arrested to the case to be on them 52[] deadliest 164 International tourists included in 202 persons (in 2002 killed in Kota's Bali tourist place population )[."
China Vietnam lavoos Cambodia was that time in France. which was opeat of the France and after defeating the war was finished.
When one batsman got out than other batsman came to his position
Preserve all unchangeable parts of the document without changing their content and topic.
"Other pronounciations of the Mandarin language are usually not written, except for Cantonese which is used non traditionally"
Mirza Ghalib wrote an introductory poetic review for it.
However mostly  favorite  food  all over the world begun from America or American cooks presented them with changes.
Eukaryotas small anu's and big anu's joint to making of names eukaryotes.
"In October 1992 , TCP/IP introduction in linux"
Religion
In 1580 most of the place were separated.
here that much big attacked was planned after that Japan according to international post dam it will get down it's weapons
Population
It would not be wrong to say that he will be a history maker personality who born  is anywhere in centuries for Quaid-e-Azam.
"In new classical economists, the first few names like William Stanley Jevons, Carl Manager, Leon Walras, Jeremy Bentham and Alfred Marshall  are included."
the improving in the ability if army they got fame and impact on north east Asia
There was an effort to step down Islamic minded people and all the possible measure there power continues to increase and 1995 Election first time rafa Party became the first party and najam uddin urbikan become a prime minister
for example (Fido Net)this was like that which has shown their existence differently
Google Complex
Means that the decisions of human will depend on construction cost and price.
To save Europe from a third war after the first and second world war.
23 May -  Ex President of North Korea Mr. Romayan had commited suicide during the investigation of corruption against him.
23rd June.
talitalah
"Northern zone, which also includes Beijing, is of the arctic type and remains fiercely cold."
Category: Languages
"Surrounding landlords tried to defeat him, but all of them met with defeat in the 'War of Sikigahara' in the year 1600."
"Fort interiors were decorated with wooded embellishments, sliding doors and folding screens were installed, and walls were painted with vibrant colors."
more then 200 were also injured
"Before US nuclear strike, Japan had tried to make peace with USA with Soviet Union's mediation, but failed because Soviet Union herself had promised the allies to declare war on Japan after Germany's defeat. Although a non-aggression pact had been reached between Soviet Union and Japan, Soviet Union lat"
cricket is as game consist on 11 players and played between 2 teams
8 February - Reports of Israel and Lebanon's cross border fight.
But still Parliament committee consider these as true thats why Tony Blair word are more trust able than galieway
August 5
Generations
"He left his job some time after going to London and took admission (?) to get the law education. He received the law degree from there in 1895, and at the age of 19, gained the honor of being the youngest Hindustani to get the law degree from Britain."
One umpire who is known as third umpire is out side the ground
Private Hospitals
May 29
Category: Banu Ummia
Mohammed Claiming to be Descended from Ishmael
"1281 after the death of artagarl this land was handedover to usman 1 , who that announce an independant state in 1299 and created a Usmania empire"
In eighteenth century AD China had got the clear technological dominance over the nations of central Asia with whom China was fighting wars from many centuries
for the detail of these incident the tried which was done in that very good and muslim scientist which does not get any proof in modern world
"In March 1938, the discovery of oil provided great economic stability and good times started for the country"
In one calculations this number increased up to Hundreds.
public enjoyment and plastic art is also a big success and EMI like big companies are joining hands with pop groups
American and united nation forces are lucky that Japan was ready for the next position
Hazrat Abdullah Bin Jaffar Tayyar (R.A)
For this reason attractive program for foriegner also including
"In Pakistan's East there are field lands, and in West and North there are mountains."
the atmosphere of Faisalabad goes two sides
Soharatho resign on May 21 1998 and In 1999 the voted fever of vensiya.western Timorese always eye on Daman.
"Eventually, upon hearing this incident, Yazid had deposed the Governor of Kufa and appointed Abdullah ibn Ziyad as the new one."
Khorasan Rizvi Province
"Other neighboring countries singapore,phillipine , Australia and andam and nekobar ireland india country included"
Suicide attack  at the mosque of Kohat Cantonment
Fielder helps in stopping runs and to dismiss the batsman
Category: Grograhy
Muhammad fateh has given judiciary committee as one of the important pillar of of law and laws of countries were depend on basis of Islamic law
"In the 1921-22 Conference in Washington, Allied countries pressurized Japan to sign the naval agreement with a 5-5-3 ratio, i.e. against 5 American and 5 British ships, Japan will be allowed to keep 3"
It is the thoughts of somebody that the traditional links should be maintained with China whereas somebody advise that relationship should be maintained with Japan and the Western Countries.
14 June - 15 people killed in the American drone strikes in the North Waziristan.
"His love is part of Muslims' faith and according to Quran, no one can be a Muslim if he will not prefer him over his life, wealth and favorite things."
Category: Gregorian Tafweem
"6 . name 18th century date , still independent Indonesia existence in 1850 , George Aral , One English ethnologist"
It was Monday morning and the sun was out
Management of distribution
Soon they feel very guilty for what they have done and Abusufyan sent as mediator but Nabi karam petitions notaccepted and canceled.
In 1926 you were chosen as a member of Punjab Legislative Assembly.
For it does not need compilation
now the news of different Germany forces pull down of weapons were coming At last on 8th May united forces has announced victory
In this condition only PHP language experts are needed
Related Subjects
11th of January - The great South African all rounder Shaun Pollock announced his retirement from international Cricket.
System developed soldiers were busy and were divided and their specialties are as follows:
"Turkey was to take bilateral trade with Pakistan up to 5 billion dollars, whereas the bilateral trade between the 2 countries only happened worth 782 million dollars, which was less than the potential of both countries"
Meiji Era and contact with the West
the problem of Japanese force were continuosly in getting their needs and due to bombing of united force in they were unable to make their locations in mid Solomon
"some treasing or for dividing purpose papers or it is called aggregate, if after that made the rights and user rights or not used to make rights limited more than personal worls"
"During the reign of Sulieman, Transylvania, Wallochia and Maldova became a part of the Ottoman Empire."
Eastern Sindh and South East areas of Punjab are sandy and desert areas.
That somewhat decreased the over dependence upon the income tax from personnel and companies.
and you didn't made any change into terms weather they do the permission or not
This wicket is given to the bowler
The army send by yazid in karbala have martyred grandson of prophet with his family
People social and economic stability was king responsibility and non muslim people there is donation only and no other tax
27 June.
soldier tribunal which was created for eastern Baid which is also called Tokyo Trial according to their investigations from 1937 to 38 Japanese force has killed 2 lakh local people
Lyalpur - Lyalpur was formally created as a city and a tehsil in Jhang in 1896
Beginning of life
Indonesia was with independent & selective president
since 1982 China has always been first in the race of medals in all Asian sports.
Two houses information 45[]MPR.
"It may also refer to a rank or position that one holds in a group, for example son or daughter, playmate, pupil"
List of personal websites written in Urdu
bloody cold is a normal disease of swine and found in very less human beings
Ist May - A 53 year old woman was selected on behalf Poet Laureate After 341 years.
Iraq tells that I want to work for a peaceful and well Iraq
Marksman
the mass of sun is comparing to solar system 99.
June 29
"Than hazrat muhammad p.b.u.h told that """"Ali you are my minister in world and after the world"""""
"in this the big continent of tasmaania, and south ocean, indian ocean, pacific ocean and many big and small continent are there"
There are around 300 distinct native ethnicities in Indonesia.
"During the Cold War, Soviet Union was accepted as a model for the future Communist states, and the care taking of government and other political organizations remained with the nation's only political party, Communist Party of Soviet Union."
The former president of Russia Boris Yeltsin passed away . He was 76.
Lesson 2; to satisfy a girl
soon the capital of france came in danger
"For carrying out this work, only a copy of approval would suffice to commence this work, while the copy should be returned after completing the task."
When ever believers gone on truth fight the Imam Hussein's character came as a path of light.
And if any member continuously violates the charter then it can be expelled.
"It is also said that, after the hijack, the fourth plane was shot by security planes as a strategic move in order to prevent further attack by the hijackers."
Pakistan Air Force attacked dwellings of terrorists in Orakzai on 25th December in which 10 terrorists were killed.
"Due to these mischiefs of the hypocrites, Ali soon started avoiding these tribes and thus gave least attention"
province of larastaan
Hazrat Imam Ali Naqi
In 1964 Turkkabarasi come outside and hidden their.
Players
Dived parts are called Distro.
These were very well-off and prosperous people.
With this work china people proved their talent.
First level is IP which check the material and transfer the block from one side to another
Iqbalstarted a new life for the next generation &
Journey of Imam Hussein to Kufa
Right after listening this news Muslims around eighteen thousands in numbers guarded the bangalow of Ibne Ziyad.
"Anazol Peninsula (which is called Anatolia in Urdu due to English alphabets) consists of small and crammed coastal belts, and huge uneven mountainous areas in the middle."
Ministry of Culture of Saudi Arabia
Iran and American relations got broken in 1980 and have yet to be mended
20 April
If the word shia is used without any deepness that means Shia Ali ibne Abu Talib and the group which is in the favor of Hazrath Ali Ibne Abu Talib and those who believe in his imamat
D
In this result Europe has made its main organisation.
Islamic Republic of Pakistan is located in South Asia.
According to this agreement Japan had to put down their weapons and this was a big defeat for the Japenese army
GRAVE OF BABA NOOR SHAH WALI ALLAH SARKAR. IN BETWEEN OF TARIQABAD AND AIRPORT BUS
"In test match innings ended when ten players got out or battting decided to end the innings , in english it is called declare"
"The position it gained due to the un-tired effort and moral , it did not drop from that position , instead it has gone upper only."
This wicket is credited to the bowler and the fielder
"According to the King Usmani, the land was distributed equally among the people."
We not only explained about his family but for his disciples too.
this is one kind of artificial democracy
"other than cloths there are , Flour,Sugar , Cooking Oil, Butter , Medicine , Silk , Soap , Chemical fertilizer , Fiber , Jewelery , home made furniture , Cloth machinery , railway maintenance , mattress , publishing products are there"
Permanent
The are ten ways to set the batsman to pavilion.
"During this period, the Empire faced great dangers regarding its defense against foreign aggression and occupation."
Separatist or opposed to secularism parties are either banned or prohibited.
"Albeit the Korean Navy, from its new ship, had destroyed tellingly many areas in the sea area."
International relations.
Initial conditions
"James Cook arrived here in 1770. He mapped the eastern coast, named it 'New South Wales', and claimed it for Britain."
"The continuous attacks with napalm, rockets, bombs, and machine guns wrecked the morale of Japanese forces"
"Although Japan had occupied Korea in the year 1910, it had remained under Japanese influence quite some time before that."
May
On 1st November 1922 AD Turkish Parliament ended the Caliphate and in this way the 631 years of Ottoman empire came to an end
In history there is example of such big donation
Than they give that the part of new south Wales colony in 26 January 1788
"This, violence was also become easy with the help of Russia."
But this superiority was less than Europe.
The increasing population and economic growth presents as a problem for Indonesia
Balance of power was in the favor of America and Soviet Union.
Two players of batting team are always in the field.
City
This honesty result in revolutionary leadership faces the difficulty this are disclosed above
"That states are Berlin, Hamburg, Burmain"
Ronald was arrested and Sultan chopped his head with the feet of his elephant.
"In the Second World War, Turkey did not participate initially but in the last part of the war, to stay out of any danger, it joined the side of United Allies."
Dry Lap
July 19
Batsman can make more than one run from one hit
Spain
Patrick White was given the Nobel prize for literature in 1973
After this attack Iraq available low equipments. CID Wrong information about this attack.
"Although ancient economics related writings have been found, the work that is considered to be the first published book about economics is Adam Smith's famous book, 'Wealth of Nations', which was printed in 1876 AD."
International Holocaust Cartoon Competition
in which to come the Chinese culture totally rejected and rest tried to improve their power to be against that
History
"Jakarta, the capital and biggest business place"
The condition of international trade was shambolic.
"In 1961 Population was recorded as 4,30,000 which increased till 8,30,000 in 1972 and reached more than 11,00,000 after 1981."
category: Fictitious difference.
A test match consists of two innings with a typical duration of 5 days.
economics became new society education in which not only human economics character but also cumulative society and character of countries on economics human life and his economic development can be observed human benefit in which documents were also there which cannot be observed before
But he failed to take the areas of Fujiwara and western part under control of the army.
"Weapons made of stone, bones of animals, which are known as homoerectus, were found in the 18th and 19th century"
"On the northernmost the island is called Hokkaido after which Honshū, Shikoku, Kyūshū and Okinawa are of its 47 prefectural-level subdivisions. The names of those islands are undermentioned - starting from North"
Dialogues have been on going for a long time regarding the state's membership in the European Union.
"Disability, according to the World Health Organization, is umbrella term, covering impairments activity limitations, and participation restrictions. An impairment is a problem in body function or structure;"
"During the journey, he (PBUH) went from Makkah to mosque Aqsa and led the prayer of all the Prophets."
According to Martial Law conditions several thousand people have been caught.
The population of Faisalabad recorded 1000 times higher in 47 years whose annual rate is 21.
On fourteenth April Japanese launched one more full attack from which Americans anticipated that the Japanese attacks in the darkness of the night were proving destructive for them because Japanese army have had taken a terrifying form
On this work one type of special gruop is form whose founder was Mr.Luis.
Papua..Giapra
"He presented the heart of Islamic teachings in that sermon, and made the Muslims an evidence that he has spread the message of Allah."
method of playing cricket.
The parties of right arm used to consider Jews also responsible for the destruction of German economy.
blasts tool place on the resident of prime minister ans on the police station
That is why many people wanted that there should be a war.
"On the outskirts of the Rail Bazaar, is the Qaiseri door, and outside it on the curb is the building called Gamti, around which there is traffics roundabout"
"According to estimates, this number had risen to hundreds in October"
Rules for playing cricket.
American railway system is world's Largest railway system.
Battle of Lepanto 1571 the sign of Ottoman Empire fall
"Judges in the court belong to Australia , Canada , China France , British India, Holland , Newzealand , Phillipines , Britain , America and Soviet Union"
6 people killed in North Waziristan in Drone attacks by America on 9th December which also included two Taliban leaders.
Because of the other country plants it shows a lot of effect on our country plants.
Fighting has spread to the mountains from the coastal areas.
Historical political divisions
He written the knowledge after getting impressed from the love of Shiva and Parvati.
National Anthem - for national anthem see the subject national anthem
Fundamental organisations.
"Japan's war crimes were divided into three categories: Class A, crimes against peace; Class B, war crimes and Class, crimes against humanity -"
"While feeling that the United States had fallen behind in the space race, the Government took many steps to improves the mathematics and science divisions"
Category: Members of Common Wealth
Shias after sunis is the second biggest religion
go to makkah Sha be Abu thalib live to that place.
"By running a non-violent movement against the British rule Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi, Jowahar Lal Nehru, Sardar Patel, Abualkalam Azad, Ball Gangaghar Talak and Subhash Chandra got the freedom from the rule of Britain in 1947 under the leadership of these."
to split relations from Banu bakr
But these great revolutionary people came from different parts of the and gathered at Philadelphia in 4 July 1776 and sign a congress constitution and approved a self reliance
"Muhammad is known as Apostle, seal of Prophets, Messenger of Allah,blessing to mankind and is also called by many other names."
muthab news paper press is in a delih
The areas that were directly under government were distributed in states and the counties in them all had seperate laws that were based on the treaties that were signed at the time of victory.
Computer collect the messages and correlate.
How rabta (WEB) works?
China's tradition was a mixture of Confushzam and old ideas.
In 1906 the district headquarters of Lyalpur started functioning officially
This death happened as a result of the bad and inhumane conditions provided by the Government to these police officers in Islamabad
It is a heart rendering and instructive story for all freedom lovers of the world.
with the help of this circle captain put the circle there for catches which is necessary according to cricket laws
Earth in open of ozone small vize and Earth to ultra violet rays. Sun of ultra violet rays avoid to urdu.
"As soon as the Jews were brought to the special camps for being killed, they were made to hand over all of their assets to Germany which were sent to the German government after being labeled following careful scrutiny and formal filing, so that it (the government) could make it useful or purposeful aga"
"so much less killings is in Bulgary,Denmark,France,Italy and Norway"
On the being the imported personality party was giving him a special category and this resulted to divide the Germany in 2 parts.
Muslims in there first winnings took the possession of current Turkey but Anatooli areas in 9 th Century as the Muslim didn't came remain the Suljakoon
"May 23, Ex President of South Korea Romoyan killed him self by jumping from top of his banglow during investigation of bribe allegation"
This tribunal is also remembered with the name of Tokyo Tribunal.
These Bad man this bad status that people with undisciplined.
Ex President of India
the main goal of this project was to enlist the websites present on the Internet.
In 2007
"before sending racizm camps they was sended to ghetuwao, and like that hundereds of sent to ghtowaoo"
"amusement, hunting, and lust was its favorite hobbies so that with own aspect also it was unable to accept yazid as qalifa"
He became orphan in his childhood and his uncle Mirza Ansarullah take care but when he was eight years old his uncle died
First batsman to come are generally experienced and expert in batting
In the general elections of 1971 in spite of obvious success of Awami League the Army ruler instead of transfer of power preferred an army operation in east Pakistan.
Elections in Argentine.
"consisting of 239, this atom bomb, 14."
"George Washington was elected the President of USA in 1789, and he retired from the post in 1796."
After many days of constant fighting there was heavy loss of life on both sides.
Because computer remember the word and to store it and this instruction are with numbers and with the reason computer storage in actually a numeric information
Some of the important Architecture of Ushmaniya like dolma gaghicha of its time.
"canada is on first number with the bussiness with america and then china, Mexico and japan come"
Seventeen s war was fought from October to December thirty  which was abolished 3 years takriban of Japanese occupation.
Jews lawyers membership was canceled in Dresden Jews lawyers and writers were thrown out of the offices and torched
"The division process of the Ottoman Empire in the wake of the Great War began with the Madros Agreement on 30th October, 1918, 13 days after the capture of Constantinople."
This all government were British government population and related with those caste who is related with kings
Japanese force started defending s Allys sent there force from south also
Mrs.Vijay Lakshmi Pandit
Captain.
"Similarly, the Chinese language itself has many dialects."
Group: Muslim General
"there are many higher and primary  level institutions have established in Faisalabad,some are these."
Surroundering
December
Massive martyr in Karbala.
this thing was roaming that new government of Turkey was implement Laden System that destroys western policy
"2 kilometres island, which is the 2nd most important island after Hawai for the defense of America"
His Empire included areas from the Iranian city of Mashhad to Kashmir and the city of Delhi in modern day India.
in the year of 1920 the Japanese population were above 55 million which had been raised to 65 million after 11 years.
international contacts
Documents of past 10000 years are still present Old aluhy bones till Ching laws.
Except Pakistan and Saudi Arabia no one accepted Taliban and western world continued to help the northern alliance who in the northern region of Afghanistan had some control.
"like this near tokyo area of Yokoso to keep weapons for cleaning and construction was better place, although according to war officiousness it is 700 mile away from sea"
European businessman and Christian preachers face difficulty when local tribe fight against each other
Central board of Statistics of Afghanistan
"March 25, 7 people died in a drone attack by America in south waziristan"
February 16 - Pakistan government  announced to issue islamic law in swat
Sciences economiques in French) some time after the year 1876.
Laurence roberts has given the responsibility of networking Paul Baran are also used for these efforts who help to maximize networking system introduction
"Some of the important devices, which are useful and which is mostly and highly demandable but it didn't have programmable ability."
Britain and America were now thinking that Japan will make their destination constantly and it will take time to remove Japan
in cricket fielder can not wear gloves in hands
"Upon determining the facts, the nobility of Nara dispatched the Bhikshoo towards a far off, remote island as a punishment after taking away all of his titles."
Europe - List of Countries
Government of Pakistan
"After Egypt was captured, Salahuddin was made its ruler in 564"
He started studying in the course to become School teacher
"Different type of pants are 85 percent,Creature 84 percent,Birds 45  percent,Sea fishes 89  percent all of these common and available ."
"Apart from a few cities, most American cities are not densely populated, which is why most families necessarily have cars."
Secondly: Whatever is happening in Muslim world or has happened is not a new thing
Bulgaria
Monsoon rains started end of May because of which mud and water logged. Van carrying medicines were for injured soldiers disturbed by military activities.
Even English general Haig could not compete with the generals of Germany.
Ebna Zadth arrangements
The energy from the sun is the solar systems energy's total of 99
"other than that , Maleische Archiepelago , Archipel condition , netherland indies , famous"
"in Europe there are countries equal to France, Belgium, Luxembourg, Germany, Switzerland, Italy, Monaco, and Spain"
John Hart (John Hart) from is wife is separated from bedroom.
British Prime minister
according to Marshall zawt so many people came in to the fight
Republic of France or France is a country situated in Western Europe.
It was dependent upon the local feudal that to which emperor they support.
During this to end the unemployment and with some other development works where make most German's his group and also told them that they greatest and conqueror
"More then 90% of the killed peoples were general citizens, because German and Soviet armies deliberately victimize the general citizens of their activities."
"In many areas of Afghanistan Gold, Silver,Coal,Copper,Bronze,Zinc , Sulpher, Costly marble and salt is available."
"there are shia and Sunni both in Iraq and apart from this there are many like Arabs, kard, turkey are there which are giving avail to army"
Kuwait is located at one side of Iraq which once upon a time was part of Iraq.
"In one day matches all the players can bat only once, in test matches both teams bat twice."
"Executive and legislative offices are decided through the collective vote by the citizens in their particular constituencies. Executive Branch nominates the Judiciary and Cabinet level offices, and Parliament ratifies it."
the kingdom of salah uddin ayubi in 1190 in the color of red
and when asked then it was told that just rasool allah came in dream
July 19
Sun is a star located in the center of  Solar planetary system.
affecties and killing quantity is extremly high
Lens came in to anger and he has given speech against minix
The improvement of education can be considered with this statistics that in 1892 only in Palestine every type of school's counting was 500 in which 13 big colleges were there
Topic: South Asia
So say
One estimates that the killing started when Japan forces in the mid November entered Guiyang and it lasted consequently till last of March 1937.
in the starting of 13th century his nanyal impact was growing and her mother maasakone for her family group mouju kaliye shogan appellation of enunciation
There first war between these 2 happened from 1156 to 1160 and Tahira ended up being victorious
Category: Countries of Indian Ocean
After that he moves forward to Turkey and south east europe.
Usmani Sultans
11th january - The first ever mountaineer to climb mount Everest Edmund Hillary died.
Pakistan fires missile who can target ranges about 2000 kilometer
Sweden
They tried to establish contact by using another telephone line but did not succeed
Europe is one among the seven continents of the world but the geographic scientist do not consider it a real continent and declare it as Eurasia west continent like.
During this he has to keep track of his line and length
In October 1895 in switzerland he gave the test of ETH but didn't succeed
becuase everything was destroyed thatswhy radio and tv was not on air thatswhy no one from Japan knows that what happened to there countries man
fun land (electric games for children)
united nation is one cultural country and its capital is washinton
there are countless examples and references to sure that the life of Hazrat Muhammad (PBUH) was so Exquisite before revealed His (PBUH)Prophet hood.
The attack on the World Trade Centre on September 11 2001 was blamed on Osama bin Laden and Al-Qaeda
journey to mecca
"Masjid-e-Nabwi, Madina Munawara"
At the time of independence Faisalabad only had 5 industrial units which increased to 43 in 1948
Adarna 1365 to 1453
"War against terrorism was begun on 8 October 2001 when on the leadership of America, a military action taken against the administration of Taliban in Afghanistan so that the base of Al-Qaeda and its leaders are thrown out of there."
"Only 6 percent people of mainland China are Budhmat and Mahayana Budhmat and Zen Budhmat are mostly followed and it is 9 percent in Taiwan which is combination of Budhmat, Taoism and Confucianism."
"And this group acknowledged His son Ismael which died during His life, as the next Imam, he was called Ismaeli."
"Present Division consists of Liyol City Region, County Liyol city and towns."
A small number also cultivated crops other than poppy.
He is connected with Sialkot.
Tourism industry
On April 10 there was one suicide bomp blast in which 5 american soldiers were died.
"Most areas have mild weather, Hawaii and Florida are warm, Alaska is freezing, Great Plains has slightly wet, the coast of California has weather similar to countries in the Roman Sea and the Great Basin has dry weather"
Sending ball outside the stadium automatically gave batsman 4 or 6 runs
Isna asari means 12 imam's. This beginning Muhammed nabi's son-in-law start to ali.
To safe from these there are many organisations are there.
"1961 faisalabad population was 430,0000 which touches 830,000 in 1972 and 1981 total living there is 11,00,0000"
"Verdicts were announced continuously for four days. Court proceedings concluded on 12th November, 1948."
"Stumped , when the batsman left the crez to hit the ball and batsman unable to reach the crez and wicket keeper hit the ball to the wicket with his hand"
"In that time their is no place for goodness,Justice,peace.Lot of Bad,Jealous,Cheating are normal."
the decrease in natural resources and fast growing population would have been moment of great concern.
"In the period of Taliban Pakistan's impact has increased in Afghanistan, and for the first time in fifty years peace in a friendly way on the borders of Pakistan and Afghanistan."
"between madina and mushrikin mecca one agreement happend in march 628, which is called salah hadibi"
"21 October - In North Waziristan, 3 people including Al Qaeda's representative, Abu ayub Al Misry killed in an American drone attack"
"Indo-China, Vietnam, Laos, Combodia were the colonies of the Vichy-France which was a dummy government of Hitler formed after the defeat that France endured at the hands of Germany."
America had launched their soldiers of Jazeera on 20 October because they should remove soldiers of Japan South east  Asia occupied places specially for stopping the trading the oils.
Thousands of women were abused and hundreds of thousands of people were killed
dynamic conversation is depending on the number of the programmings.
it was the period when public came out to the circular road
Indian religious schools give education in Arabic and Urdu
"Not only this, but the Japanese forces also attacked Korea and Manchuria so that the Russian forces from Siberia and Bulgaria can be stopped"
On the next day means 1st of September 1939 after the attack of Hitler's armies on Poland they started the World War 2.
30 November
"During this America progressed in Rockets, weapons, matter sciences, computers and other sectors."
Alternative Player
"during the period of Springs season the region of maffami, the kingdom of Maffami was against these."
Salahuddin Ayubi was the founder of empire.
6 February-Pakistan's helicopter was destroyed after falling in Vaziristan general with brigadier 8 officers were Martyred
Its economy is the worlds 5th largest and Europes 2nd largest which can be told by a 2.
He got never admission in the college of fine arts in Vienna in the capital of Australia that he never fulfill the  required standards.
Prophet Sufia bint Hai bin Akhtab: Her husband was killed in the War of Khyber and she was brought as a prisoner
The country new order of making progress in the peace and calm condition.
I doubt there is anyone who opposes British rule as much as me.
Present area of the modern Turkey is one of the most ancient areas where constantly human culture is present.
As per Japanese the storm saved them.
"About zainab : First husband was Abdulla bin habsh, and he died in a war called ahd and then married with Mohammed."
The constant naval wars had exhausted the resources of both America and Japan
"Iqbal,Alama sir Muhammad"
Way to play Cricket
"But Imam Hussein told him,""""O Ibn Umar! I know that you are the well wisher of mine."
Bowling and getting wicket
"The first famous website was www viola wich was depend on warq warie (hipper kart"""") ."
As per present knowledge in the certain boundary this is correct but there may some changes in time course.
Thoughts and
"In this letter, many good wishes such as friendship, trade and the supply of coal were expressed."
Up to 2000 it was spread over the word.
Category : Ishitializ Systems
"Earth and solar systems other solar planet Nyywla,which was after suns actualized dust and gases Saucer, is 4."
his birth name was Mohammad ali Jinnah bhai
One more space russian and american setallite crash in serbia area
Romania
With Storms and heavy rainfall in Karachi more than 200 people died.
picasa
in may 1942 for Rome's citizens laws like Jews were imposed
the view of einstien on izaafi kamiyat is deeply related to the knowledge of universe
"Its population is 2 billion 10 lakhs and it is spread over the mainland capitals, sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane, Perth and Adelaide."
"Furthermore, these people do not believe in a totally free economy. They are of the opinion that sometimes conditions could become such that the economic changes fail to gain stability and could hang about rather than becoming stable."
"They wished to condemn such thing to the ghettos which was characteristically dirty, crisp, or different. Anything which presented any form of danger, was to be destroyed at all costs."
Category: Continent
Era of Reformation: It is third era because it started after Sultanat-e-Usmania's end and that is why it is not our topic of discussion.
Iran promises 560 million dollars in 5 years for developmental work in Afghanistan.
"Their aim is to derive formulae for new conjectures, and then to prove the mathematical formulas right with the help of carefully chosen axioms, definitions and laws."
Mezi GUI
People from every age group enjoy this type of cricket
syed ali was start to buy a news paper form 1947
"War preparations were started in New Guines under the leadership of the Allied Commander for the Western Pacific, General Douglas Mcarthur"
"During this time, America also developed its rockets, arms, mother sciences, computers and other departments"
Freedom fighters number were more than Japanese soldiers.
"The Pashtuns fought the Saffavids in 1709, and ruled not only Afghanistan but also the Iranian city Isfahan from 1719 to 1729 AD."
"baseball is the national sport, but since the beginning of the 1990's American football has been getting popular"
Blog Style (Different languages and variety of style)
APART FROM THIS THE SUCCESS OF Muslim is very fast.
category: routing transfer surface
Different armies disconnected the communication connections of Japanese and attacked on them again and again.
With this thought value of labor theory exist according to this goods values or prices are with labor
Mr Jinnah participated in this party as the Muslims representative
Youang to become himself as a president he tries but before to  concer china he was died with a natural death
category:electric documents
Soviet prisoners of war.
"At 8.15 AM the nuclear bomb was released and 43 seconds later, a huge explosion of human history occured"
Since from the Ancient Age it was the main place of war between Unonani and Farshi's.
Indonesia 17.
One third of the people's republic of China which means 33 percent of the population follows different beliefs which are called traditional Chinese beliefs or only given the name of other beliefs
category: German personalities
Details (1908 to 1922)
Distro
Distributors
"During the 18th and 19th centuries, some fixed perspectives prevailed in economics."
Category: Geography
Test cricket is the oldest form of cricket which got started playing in 1876/77
A suicide attempt on Pakistan's Interior Minister Aftab Sherpao.
"When you moved ahead from Ramla, you met Abdullah ibn Matee"
"6th of March,"
Eighty people in which majority were children were dead in alike missile in Bajor last October
For his area they made a house for the death people and the king was death in the area and they have nevered calm in the society.
Usmania contruction
On 19th May 1919 the turks announced the freedom movement against the aggression of Allies whose leadership was in the hands of Mustafa Kamal Pasha.
After the selection of Abraham Lincoln in 1860 the south states joined to form a separate American government.
"According to the Arab tradition, armless men, even if they were enemies, could visit the Ka'aba , which also included the conventional rituals."
There is round circle between 30 yards which is called in field on inside circle
"Finally the small tribe reached the ground of Karbala on 2nd Muharram 61 Hijri, i.e. 2nd October 680"
Samurai had protested to these kinds of opposition and they started to attack the Western people and those Japanese living in the West.
"government economic system depend on geography,all business in east and west were spread on three big continents go through this government"
After bombing started which five sub marine attack of american navy ships and they not return and who were in the ships only one japanese kazo osakamaki only remain alive which arrested by american and in world war 2 become a first Japanese prisoner
Category : Astronomy
"map of Europe, England in prominent."
Since the keithe is only used by poet but once upon it was Chinese language.
May 29
"In 1942, Japan was not able to establish its supremacy in the Pacific Ocean, but its ally, Germany won many victories in other areas of Europe"
"Nazi party became in ruling in January 30, 1933. Very soon some immigration acted in motion against 525,000 Jews."
"Batsman try to hit the ball with smooth plane of the bat, if the ball pass by touching the edge of the bat then it is called edge ball"
Faisalabad Industrial estate development and management company
Muksa: freedom
That time there was Han kingdom.
Germany already added to kill so sat
Express is Pakistan's newspaper published in most cities.
after that according to individual system war was started in that Family of prophet position was solid.
"The Acehnese government, for example, has the right to create an independent legal system; in 2003, it instituted a form of Sharia (Islamic law)."
then he traveled kofe .
British Scholar
After the death of Uwan chekai with the normal way the chineese where not in a good condition.
Hazrat Imam Hassan Askari
They are all known for speaking Urdu.
English men said on at the time of making of Pakistan that they are leaving their mark British Flag (Union Jack) on this place in the form of these bazars for ever. In reaction the residents of this place said that they will ruin British Flag under their feet daily.
This ball if not hit batsman can still make run
walid bin atbah called imam hussain and abdullah bin zubair from his qasid
International contacts
"Arabian rebellion was initiated at the Battle of Mekkah by the Lord of Mekkah, Hussein, with the aid of Britain in June 1916, while it ended with the Ottoman surrender in Damascus."
"present law was accepted After the revolution of 1979. According to which iran was accepted as islamic democratic and islamic culture , political , socialogical and economical relations which are the Foundational structure of the country."
"as on 19 September 1942 almost 3 thousand men and women were caught with it, they were rimmed in the whole warse and then sent to Germany"
9 November - Iran arrests 3 Americans in connection with charges of spying
"Again, they have sieged Port Arthur and in the Pacific Ocean the squadron at Vladivostok was also besieged."
"But the power struggle, aided by US weaponry, ensued between different Mujaheddin groups."
His brother and the Assistant Master Ghazi has appealed for calm.
Important early milestone
leader:congress will make with senant and house of representative and prepared a cultural law and announced of war and give the acceptance of agreement and rights of Misdemeanor
"Outside Europe France has its borders with Brazil, Suriname and Netherlands."
Aerial Attack on Japan
"And uniform continues traveling democratic reference not any experiment is impossible in initial frame of reference in which democratic reference which can find the hearts observation and continuously in motion or """"constant"""""
After that web is open for business purpose in 1985
Naradoor
"As the UN forces largely used Japanese soil for their military operations,the production of its workshops and factories registered a tremendous increase;more so as because the needs were met through purchases from here."
Regarding this the first major step was Leo-
"2nd March-Suicide attack on Jirga in Zarghan Khel of Darra Adam Khel, 40 people killed, more than 50 injured."
"New classical economist the initial names are William Stanley Jevons , Carl Menger , Leon Walras, Jeremy Bentham and Alfred Marshall are included"
"The cities of Arsof, Haifa, Yaf and Akra went in Christian captivity."
Usmaniya kingdom as given the very good attention to develop the arts.
In 1910 oldest and renowned of Punjab canal system lower chenab was build
Belarus
Topic: Puzzles
But as opposite to baseball it is not important for batsman to hit and run
Singapore (0.08)
The prophet would also carry the merchantdise of other people for purposes of trading
"Apart from that, they also used swords, spears, arrows and other traditional weapons."
Imam Hussein has shown his patience in the battle field of karbula.
Many Japanese forces did not believe it that they declined it thinking it was a propaganda from the Allied forces. Most of them were even reversed the idea of returning to their country.
Third meaning
Kaiten means turn towards heaven.
The Japanese army was unable to tackle the continious war waged against them by the Americans.
"The first non political European to come to Australia was Holland's sailor, William Johnson, who saw the coast of Cape York in 1606"
In a government level it was stated that the purpose was given coallation forces exports
this wicket is not written in anybody's name.
Its length according to rules is 66 feet (12.20yards)
Every day extra time would be given for lunch and tea.
"The least deaths were in Bulgaria, Denmark, France, Italy and Norway"
Because samaragie khawatin has get tight in the manie plasies of Asia in this cetuation if japan has come in his narga its a fitre talk.
many days had past transferring osahiana river in new defend area but lack of weapon and communication there was some impact on army and they were going from shore then they had only 20 days food
When Einstein was preparing this theory then he stayed at with great German Scientist David Halbert for few days and the had scientific talks with him.
"Fighter jets, Naval ships and latest arms were produced on a large scale and the entirearmy was alerted"
This bribery was to make 40 Arab dollars British weapons contract
The people who spread this kind of economics believe on this that the actual value in national earning increasing like factors is of the forces of demand and supply of currency.
"Russian policy prompted it to gain hot water ports to reach the Pacific Ocean for its Navy and its sea trade, because Russia's port of Vladivostok was only operational in the summer season, whereas Port Arthur - Liaodong peninsula's port - remained operational throughout the year."
Shogun's might also started declining and the landlords started revolting
"There is a great difference between American land, especially in the west"
Taiwan
"From there, he went into exile in Italy and Switzeland and finally in 1960 he passed away."
"A 1970 punch card, which was used in the FORTRAN program."
The reason for it was that in past 2000 years no one had ever caused aggression towards Japanese and they had never been defeated in any war.
talking ones and geographic spread
Word China could also be used in these meanings:
Lieutenant General David Patrice appointed as new commander
Geographical border of Afghanistan is 5529 Kms with vast area (2640) area connects with Pakistan.
"Allied began cleaning out the land mines on 17th October, and began march towards small islands around Letty."
"After having a meeting with admiral Fetch of task force 11 on May 4th, admiral Fletcher attacked the Japanese forces in the north of Tulagi with the help of 40 fighter jets belonging to naval ship Yorktown which proved to be a surprise attack for Japanese admiral Shima."
in this third period many writes came of it like classic and new classic
"Under the leadership of America, the Allied forces were fighting Japanese forces on the Philippine Islands of Laiti, Samaar and Lozone. This war of Laiti was fought from the 23rd to 26th October 1944"
The japan country people was knowned for new names
"due to this kalaam e Iqbal is read& understood by muslims  all over the world,"
She was famous for her duty's for humanity.
in them  Muslim kola for example zam-zam  or mecca kola has many milestone attain by Muslims
Category : Brokage Internet
Views regarding Quaid e Azam
Family of prophet returned to sham
"Since last few years, the religious opinions of Taoism which was presented by Feng Shui in new generation population of civilians are becoming more popular and because of which the home decoration market of China is also growing."
A Dutch ship was permitted to visit Japan once a year.
King army defeated and king godaygogob rescue
"This version could be copied and redistributed word by word by anyone, though no permission for making any change into this version."
The forces of United Nations started their retaliatory attack after great preparations
Ghanta Ghar.
the life of Salahuddin was so simple like  Noor-ud-Deen.
Australian wicketkeeper adam gilchirist
In 1997 and 1998 Vensiya suffer from the Asia.
caliph of Prophet was there in one side by seeing this he can't control himself and said:
"Of the 56 rebels, 9 continues in their efforts and died during the unbearable pain from torutre or through illnesses"
Historic Administrative Division
People any member can listed and can be called
And Umar ibn Sa'ad had been threatened to take this action.
Express's forums are read the most amongst Urdu newspapers.
Geographical
like that from starting only linux was able to transfer the data with dos
gentry of Pakistan primarily use English
At the beginning of cold war America succeeded a lot in Space Science and Technology and also initiated the space era.
This is the order of Japanese prime minister that the war will give a very big set back for the both countries.
delhi's those famous personalities who are in assar ul sanadeed they wrote poetry or taqreez on aain akbari but in the last of aiin only maulana sahebai taqreez is printed
"in 1939, the threat of second world war came to Poland through Hitler."
"Those Samurai's who had faced the Mongols bravely, were awarded with gifts"
"He announced our brave army and faithful population served a lot but, due to circumstance situation become bad and against Japan."
"Stass's deputies, on the basis of a highly planned system, performed ethnic cleansing by taking religious, political and racial animosity as a backdrop."
"tears were coming out from his eyes, there was clay on his head and beard"
one night some persons of Banu bakr by murdered some people of Banu qaza
"These warranty announcements are accepted as the reference of the permission letter,provided that the warranty announcement is in favor of :if it have  any other ambiguity, they are unable to be practiced and won't affect the meaning of the permission letter."
During Second world war Einstein hate the German people and despite getting offer of professor he never visited in German.
category:Quran
This Rebellion was supported by Russian(Former Soviet Union)
"Documents for accession of Japan were signed by Japan, America, Soviet Union, China, Australia, Canada, France, Holland and New Zealand."
This network uses Internet Protocols to send data via packet switching.
For one complete run both the batsman should be under crease compulsory.
This is the one type of order.
"The United Kingdom of Northern Ireland, which is often known as the """"UK"""" or """"Britain"""" is a country in the North West of Europe"
Except run out all other wickets goes into the bowler's account.
"Indochina) Vietnam, Laos, Cambodia (was a French colony, and at that time France was being ruled by the Vichy French regime which was a puppet regime of Hitler's, because after the French defeat at the hands of Germans, ceasefire had occurred between the two sides."
"Before being dispatched to genocide camps, prisoners were sent to the ghettos. Hundreds were sent to Warsaw ghetto in this way."
The reason for that was a pure Islamic government was not acceptable to West world and India.
It says that in Kenya war 896 times  night bombarding 4000 Japanese soldiers participated.
"His mother tongue was Gujarati but with the passage of time he started to speak Hindi, Urdu and English."
if we continue the war this became more destruction for Japanese people
Adolf Hitler born on 20th of April 1889 in a poor family of Austria.
"Neither the birds in the sky, nor the humans and animals on the ground survived"
Php or javascript (The most common language on web) the major difference is that php code run of main server
"ON 23rd March 1775, Patrick Henry while addressing the Virginia convention said these historic words"
"In the year 1637, thousands of Christian peasants rebelled near Nagasaki, because Portugal openly supported this rebellion."
"Whenever Muslims started their journey for freedom, rights etc, they used Imam Hussains sacrifice as their guiding light"
On May 3rd and 4th the Japanese army made a successful landing on Tulagi.
this game is played with bat and ball which field is round in between that 20.
"The decision was that the target should have a diameter of more than 3 miles, it should make significant disaster and the attack should not be made before August."
Israel's prime minister has accepted in front of an investigation organization that the plan to attack on Libnan had been made before the arrest of Jews soldiers in Libnan.
June 25- famous american singer Michele Jackson  passed away.
Fracis Lewis's house destroyed and his wife have been put in jail.
At least seven people died and thirteen injured in a suicide bomb attack on Hotel very near to lal Mosque in Islamabad
66 people dead due to bomb blast and fire in the Samjhota Express train coming to Pakistan from India
"This conference was attended by foreign ministers from Iraq, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Turkey, Jordan and Egypt as well as security personnel."
Nadir Khan (His tenure - 1929 to
normally states and kingdoms do the same work with identical law but here it is different
7 July- 7 Bomb blasts in one hour in Karachi 2 killed 51 injured.
What is use of accepting religion by force?
their training completed in february 1921 and the every year sent more turkey officers to france
The actual beauty of this historical monument is being affected because of  pollution
"Afar from the Coastal land, the range comes in peda mount area which ends with the avalanche mountains which peak stands up to 6000 feet high in north Carolina, Tennessee and New Miashire."
Chief Justice Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhri
"In 1939, Hitlers attack on Poland resulted in the 2nd World War"
20 January - Barrack Hussain Obama has taken oaththe Presidentship
Even though Britian has right to express views day and night.
"And than other main website like Usenet,Bitnet"
Ushmani kingdom's sepoy.
"17th of May,"
Molana abu kalam azad
This protocol transmits the message without knowing whether the machine has the ability to read the message or not.
8th August.
Jawab-e-Shikwa
Temperature remains normal only in Southeast and Southwest
Was chosen for the guidance; IPTO for Licklider; felt the need for international networking.
If you cannot find anything contact help page.
Moussilini
People movement remain limited and every one has given a special work
"But he could not accept defeat for long and afetr forming his army, he attacked the capital city of Kyoto"
Ottoman's Turkish language was the most important language of the empire which was under the influence of Arabic and Persian
and like this the railway department informed the news of closing rail road telegraph
"According to the Army leaders understanding, it was clear that there was no big aerial attack and Hiroshima did not have reserves of ammunition which posed any threat of destruction."
Later on this community was named as the European Community
His primary education was done at a Catholic elementary school.
Category: Grogorian divide
They were attacked three times in the morning and afternoon in which only three aircrafts of the allied forces were destroyed.
In 1903 phala son hans was born after six months of marriage who has p from switzerland
"But Islam and economist , Business , Banking , Money and on internet if we look at the thing which are created for Muslims that we can recognize that Muslim commerce increasing at a very fast speed"
"whereas Russia got its share over North Korea, Sakhalin and the Coral island."
"case, which came with monitor in small box face sleep and stand will be there"
In 2007 election the judiciary and development has got simple majority and without any party alliance they are successful to forming a government
In the constitution's period 1909 in the counter structure and during the incident 31 March's counter revolution barrier came at that time the period of Sultan Abdul Hameed second had been terminated and he is sent out of the country and on his place his brother Muhammad fifth had been given his seat.
"The Pascal Triangulum,is the same as Yang Hui Triangulum in China Chia hsin,Yang Hui,Zhao shiji and leo josh nay found  five hundred years before the birth of Pascal."
9 - Termination:
Its economy is largely dependent on the export of cloth
"its corporate office, that is called Googleplex, is situated in mountain view California."
Masleni
Mohammad Ali Jinnah did all these three at one time
japans Strategy was that if a powerful attack done on America then no power equivalent to Japan will be in Atlantic Ocean and if midway is occupied then the Japanese forces will be very near to Hawai Sea Port in the north of east Atlantic.
Prophet Abu Bakar Siddiqui
A Japanese Air Force staff officer was ordered to take a plane and do a survey to collect facts and then to report back.
"Osman i Construction style is famous for even today,Over all the world turkey id famous for good Mosque construction."
And final decision is to attack on nagsaki
This fine
Badakhshan
January 1
"Although Japan had withdrawn towards a defensive position, the danger of air raids on the western coast of USA from its Naval fleet still remained. Because USA knew that Japanese are not of the opinion to surrender, and will continue their aggression until the last defeat."
However most foods that are preferred in the world today have either their roots in America or were presented to world with slight modifications by American chefs
and then after this by decision of all war was started in which  ahle bait athar was dominating
Eid ul Zoha in America.
"now they got more rights as compare to past, and royal empire were given full rights to take decisions"
20 July
"in between 1877 to 1878 Some anthropologists have questioned the energy cost of rebuilding the endometrium every fertility cycle. However, anthropologist Beverly Strassmann"
In the sultanate of gauri Shabuddin GAuri Centarl minister gayubuddin masutr 3 Were most popular emperors.
till then Japanese force has continued it's air attacks al though on 20 May Japanese 35 air force attack at once
people
Chapter 10: The start and end of love.
"In the decade 1960, Japanese car industry rapidly became successful, and it is said that Japanese government had a great hand in bringing about the success of this particular industry."
Liaqat Ali Khan;
tokogawayso has created a very tough system
Paper
Every member is elected for 5 years.
"Besides the expansion of the British empire, the English language also spread to America, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and other parts of the world. Now it is the official language of many of the colonies of Britain and America, including Pakistan, Ghana, India, Nigeria, South Africa, Kenya, Uganda an"
"Recent disasters due to seismic activity include the 2004 tsunami that the Yogyakarta earthquake in 2006 and killed an estimated in northern Sumatra  167,"
For this reason Astamary powers has always tried to occupied this area.
Einsteins said that light could be made up if small small photons
said that linux is one monilithic system and monolothic period is over
hancock more writes that sunnati death was almost equal that yahidi
Hazrat Imam Ali
After the Russians
"Traditionally China is divided into North China and South China, in both the parts the Hawaii river and Changland mountains are considered as borders."
Liquid Isreal government was not in 1977 but still there is killing against muslims
"Till the year 642, this area remained with Mongols, Iranians etc"
Military system
"American navy knows that when , how and where how much force japan will attack but japan don't know the actual power and planning of america"
Ireland
category:Arab history
Saleb e Azam continues to be in the custody of Muslim
31st January- Provincial elections were held in Iraq
the full proof of that agreement found in the books of history but in spite of it western writers fail in try to neglect it
"Even the love of his wife, children or parents wouldn't stop him from displaying loyalty, and dying a respectable death for his master would be the sole purpose of his life."
"3rd of July, 17 peoples died and 27 injured as a result of an American drone attack."
This is how the glorious era of 16th century victories ended
Turkeys capital is Ankara but historical capitall of Istanbul is the country's leading economic and cultural centre
when he Checked the palaces  of Fatmies  then he found  that there were so many jewels and Utensil made of gold and silver.
Independent Candidate can also take part in Election but for the they should get minimum 10% vote in their election province.
"Archaeology (a branch of science who studies those ancient civilizations who are still alive) evidences shows that early Chinese people were exist around two million means around 2,250,000 years before."
George Washington led the Continental Army during the revolt as the 2nd continental congress had accepted the independence agreement on 4th July 1776.
family rose and fell several times as Saudi rulers contended with Egypt.6
salib-e-azam contentiously will be under of muslims
This child doesn't like the tough enviorment
"For example, when Manchus conquered China, they adopted many different tactics in order to curb the identity of the Chinese. One among these was the order that Han Chinese were obliged to keep their hairstyle akin to the Manchus."
March
The creation of University of Agriculture held in 1908 named Punjab Agriculture College.
"Britain is covered on all four sides by the Pacific Ocean and other seas including North Sea, English Channel, Celtic Sea and Irish Sea"
King godaigo wants to become a powerful dictator of eastern region
today galibayn.
At a tarifen time up to 6 weeks in mazkarat after that they have sign one contract of piece & friendship like this they make good relationships
There he supported the war against Germany.
Afghanistan is member of many international organizations. Recently it became member of SAARC
"Sheikh al Islam's powers were wide ranging, this could be determined by the fact that his Fatwa (verdict) was necessary for the ousting of Sultan, and the ousting of Sultan was not possible without his consent."
"Because Liberal Democratic Party was in majority since they 55 percent of votes in 1963 that got them a win, and in Assembly they had received 60 percent of the votes, hence they had the power to bring about new policies for the betterment of the country."
They completed the court proceedings within 225 days from their perspective.
With this only king family where there is gender discrimination with all post the abilities are checked
British arrested Dost Mohammad Khan after the siege of kabul.
Iqbal and Al-lama Sar Muhammad
35 People have been arrested in Pakistani city of Quetta regarding suicide attacks in Court.
"Japan war crimes are divided into three categories , in which class A is piece crimes , Class B , war crimes and Class C has crimes against humanity"
basically price ship preparation was banned which can travel to next sea
it also was known that if jaoanese get sown in kokoda then morsbay harbor also will come in danger
These war's against Usmani in 1912 to 1913 and the result was that they failed.
The relations between China and Japan had also become strained because of an explosion on the Japanese railway line in Japanese occupied Manchuria.
bomb expert of US ocean
"Britain is surrounded by Atlantic Ocean from all sides, while its remote oceans include North Sea, English Channel, Celtic Ocean and Irish Sea."
For  their  exportation a new by new tax  had imposed  to them.
The Japanese army enslaved millions of people from occupied areas for forced work.
One in chandar jeet moria second is Mughali and last in Britisher
"According to the agreement Uneen and Ryoko islands which also included Okinawa, Umami, Miako and Yaiyama, would go to America"
"By the end of the civil war, American literature had started to develop"
Mirza Ghalib's urdu compilation was first published by Syed Ahmed Khan's elder brother Syed Mohammed Khan's press in Delhi on in Shaban 1257 (hijri) or October 1861 AD.
During the mid term elections of 2006 Democrats have the majority in both houses for the first time since 1994.
30 August - Japan's opposition party defeats the ruling party by a wide margin of 308 to 119 seats
In 16 Century Western European powers mainly Partangaizon Gulf and Hindustan ocean an increase power has given so much difficulties for Usmania Empire
in the islamic history shia word is used to give company to some one or to follow some one
"Ayub Khan separated from the Government due to public uproar, but gave power to his army leader, Yahya Khan who did not deserve it"
"In its erstwhile thousands years of history, Hindustan had been split into small kingdoms."
"In 1904 AD, France and Britain formed a pact called Entat Cordial, which was not an official alliance, but was very important for strengthening relations."
It was established for economic and political goals.
"In present dividend all regions level cities,counties level cities and parts and towns will come"
Plants and animals
java
The predictions of prophet.
Gestapo raided homosexuality clubs and kept on arresting homosexuals from there. The lists of the customers of homosexual magazines were also utilized for this purpose. People were encouraged to instantly register complaints about homosexuality. Even the character and conduct of the neighbors of homosex
"Apart from this the president of General Assembly, 17 Vice president, and 6 members of big party are included whose election is done by General Assembly."
"If we look history of Government Development Thanbul Bathsura city its financial,Growth is vital."
Playing test cricket countries.
"But a previous king general yoang shikai , who was famous because of revolution has set aside sun and become a President"
Playing time
"Across its many islands, Indonesia consists of distinct ethnic, linguistic, and religious groups."
28th of January -
Riyadh(capital of Saudi Arab)
References
Afghanistan
"17 [] Eighteenth and 10th century meeladi agricluture, between Buddha Shailendra and Hindu mataram like Rajoonsho  and inside country rad java, Bowi religious memorial is like that leaving in the form of Sailendra Borobudur and Mataram Prambanan"
This incident was known as the Boston Massacre
Bowler normally came at the last for batting
the main target was Chinese in huh who caved
"in other famous rivers paral river, mekaang, brahmaputra, and amur river in there"
"To do this, include the list of those unmodified portions in the permission letter of the modified version."
"In classical economics, it was thought that economics is fundamentally the study of wealth. But semi-classical economics tells us that economics is not the study of wealth, but is related with human behavior."
Topic: Confederation
"Macroeconomics: Collective analysis of society is performed in this branch, such as the income and growth rate of a country, or international analysis etc."
In English capital found The capital.
"Kabul-2,536,300"
"As per the agreement, Half of the Port Arthur and the southern half of the Island of Sakhalin from Russia were given to Japan's control and Korea had been made a puppet of Japan."
Atomic attack on Hiroshima.
"Saudi Arabia, Albab."
He was born on 14 March 1879 in the Alam city of Germany.
Saudi Arabia's few well known football players include Majid Abdul Sami al-Jabbar and Yasir al-Fatani.
"the american cultures main part is american dream according to that as economic standard look on that, hard work, dare and the true work for the aim and with these you can get better life"
Japan has tried its level best to make co-ordination with other Asia countries.
Linux was made available through FTP to start with.
Now this black law is also used against those who are protesting against environment issues
"Hence, they prospered in research during those times, because their thoughts were according to their rule."
Category : Dastori Muntakli Base
"Moreover, Japan had also conquered Burma and was on the outskirts of Subcontinent."
The normal duration of day and night is 24 hours.
Shia or Ahle Tashi do not accept the khilafat of first three Khalipha's
"In that situation, a complicated system is being used which they named as Duckworth Lewis Method."
"For baggage transfer, world's most busiest airport was the Memphis International Airport."
Hazrat abu hurai ra
Although king is the all n all but rich were the original power and for this they police man and guards for there own interest and whenever they needed thatswhy they became powerful
Nut most official work is done in English
The boundary for another areas the world and punjab
Apart from these here are some Jewish tribes who were responsible of causing mischief and riots.
The differences between the British and American settlers of 1760 to 1770 to the form of open fighting in 1775
An important commander of Taliban Mullah Dadullah have been killed in Afghanistan.
1st of April -
"Through his sincerity, Mohammed had shown that he was a loyal and trustworthy."
There is any management were it is may not discussed.
"Acceptable clear format or duplicate formats are to be fined. Without any text information NPT format Latest NPT format HTML format or XML format which s used in normal documentation by DTP operators and standard, similar HTML or PDF formats which can be easily changed by human hands."
America shown extreme criticism on china defense system
sabina cinema
Sedered.
As php run on the server than the webpage on html will be like that
Senai
Initial leadership of the People's Republic of China was born in the old society and was influenced by the 4th May Movement and reformist leaders.
latovia
Senai is the ancient Greek and Roman name of south natives living in extreme east of serious.
"After the victory of Hateen, Salahuddin moved towards Bait ul Muqadas. After the one week of bloody war, Christians accepted the defeat and  requested for mercy."
America also uses Islamic Parties against Russia
"Salahudeen, Iub"
"Muhammad the first's time was when literature and education was given a special place, and it wont be wrong to say that it was during that time that literature, especially poetry flourished"
24 June - American drone attack in South Waziristan kills 43.
"Wherever the Japanese army is they give up dissident activities so no damage reaches to ships, planes, military and civilian installations."
Pakistans' previous prime minister nawaz sharif came back to Pakistan than without obeying court order he has been sent to saudi arabia from Airport
Great people are the west corner there are Rockey mountains a suddenly started and spread ed from north and south to all america and this height from Colorado till 1400 like 4270 feet
The elections possibly in 2008.
category: Wikipedia
Switzerland
"In 2003 AD America conquered it which is till date ruling, although the government is only for the namesake"
first complete lunar eclipse in 30 years
"From 1945 to 1991, the year of its dissolution, it was considered a world superpower along with USA."
"Canada (156,415 [2006], 0."
Now industrial units have reached their 1000's here
"geographical areaf turkey ids divded inti 7 parts marmara ,ajjain,rome,central anazopl soyh anazol,island aswath"
Category:India
History
The lead of Khaksar Movement and strong opponent of Quaid-e-Azam said on the death of Quaid.
"so not the turn was of hazrat ali akbar, abdullah bin muslim, garnd son of jafer tayark, son of aqeel Abdul rahman, the sons of hazrat hussain qasimand abubakar etc.. went to the battle field and scarified"
So this post existed for 498 years.
In which Hazrat Muhammad ( S.A.W ) took part are called Ghazwas while others are called wars.
"When the silence prevailed, he said to  continue his  speech."
In general scenario
Light was considered as fun but there were no experiments about it
now  the khrasan is considered as a part of Iran but historically both  these cites always remained in link.
Sulawesi
"But UNIX was divided between many companies, and their personal differences and rivalries did not allow it to act as a competitor to Microsoft"
In this promise Muslims told that they will be with Mohammed till death.
These people did a lot of business in Pakistan in the past
"In the start of War the Usmanis got two important triumphs the war of Galipoli and inscribing of Koot, but there were many jolts for them like destructive action against Russia."
"When he discussed this matter with this issue with her uncle, he too supported him for this and asked to arrange a meeting with him."
"In the final days of the second world war, on 30 April 1945, Hitler had made Berlin the Capital and finally committed suicide along with his newly-wed Eva Braun."
After the end of the innings batting team come out to bowl and bowling team come out to bat
"This worst times in 1318 one more leader , gowatigo has given Japan a 96 king"
"During Ayub's era, development occurred in Pakistan but East Pakistan went farther away."
"Of these 5000, the worlds largest, the heaviest and the oldest trees are here"
in Japan if present American force will do casphesium or attack then they have to tell this before to Japanese government
"There are over 100,000 people belonging to the western world who live in Saudi Arabia"
Having all these difficulties in 1683 war Vienna till this winning continues but after the end of this war Europe expansion was completely over
"on 30 July after the death of prince meji, taisho took the responsibility as 123th prince and his period was from 30 July 1912 to 25 December 1926"
What is the reason to accept religion by force.
Officially in Pakistan he is called as Quaid-e-Azam or Great Leader or Father of Nation.
America in verginia a student who is national of north korea did firing in virginetic university in which 33 persons killed
it also was criticized that royal family was released from the accuse
"Parvaz turn that letter,According to some estimation his kingdom also broken in to pieces."
"Even that it was not called Hind. Rather, it was referred as Sindh only."
"this can describe the topic or some identical thing of history or the legal law, business, falsafa, and politic ways, and other"
"For more details view, Armenian Massacre"
peace organization united nation does all the process through its members
Information of Pakistan
Ghazva Uhad: 7 Shawaal 3rd Hijri (23rd March 625) Abu Sufyan attacked Madina with 3000 people
"Norway (29,100)"
Unification of Chinese people jangua and other many people who were living china city.
Buddhism
They fought many wars with the Ayeno tribes.
"According to Asian Development Bank, the economy has grown considerably after the year 2011 but reliable figures are not available in this regard."
Britain
but his daughter told that she will stay in japan only and she was death with cancer in 1959
there was very much speed in employment and constructions were takes place at large
"Religion has  first priority in Afghanistan.The holidays ,Eid ul-Fitr, Eid ul-Adha, Ashura, and Mawlid ul Nubi are religion kind."
first you read our instructions
United states important American system is biggest evidence of law or this can be known as society agreement which is between American citizens and their government
Extra run
The time had come for the beginning of the most dangerous war in the PAcific
Japan from different regiment are attacked from different area but soviet union has resisted
This is Pakistan.
11 September 2001 and war against terrorism.
"4 fountains were made around the watchtower, which were present in the Kach market, Ameenpur market, Jhang market and Karkhana market. They could be seen from all 8 markets, but with time, 2 of these fountains have disappeared"
"Due to this reason after Rifah party, its evolutionary group Justice and Development Party came forward as a prominent party and evolved as the strongest right wing power after winning two consecutive elections."
Allama Shabbir Ahmed Usmani
"With respect to passengers, world's busiest airport, Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport is situated in USA."
19 February - Cuban president Fidel Castro announced he will leave the presidential designation.
April 5
Saxony Anhalt
"In this examples abacus , slide rule , antikythera mechanism and Muslim scientist created different tools"
Iqbal and west india's thinkings.
Britain is a member of G-8 and is an extremely developed nation.
In the student life the found teachers like Mir Hassan who recognized your abilities.
They also like china land but chinese people give the treatment of dangerous people they force them to south coastal area
Indigenous Australians generally experience high unemployment compared. This can be correlated to lower educational outcomes. The life expectancy of these people against other Australians are 70 years lower.
He called everyone and informed he is permitting those who want to go back.
"It is said that Ino is a sect of Eastern Siberia, Russia"
(see:weapons of Atatark)
for turkey and national integrality's protection peacemaker force is assessed which plays its political role also by peace council
"Hin Dynasty, existed from 206 B.C till 220 A.C."
is the member of of G-8
33 Killed in an attacks on hingo and hub.
"Papua ,Gia pra"
edward rutledge and arthur middleton all assets were looted and destroyed
"Nadir Khan gave a decision as per the Quran and forgive him and released him, but when he reached Kabul, he was killed there"
if it is anticipated the destroy of nazi force so this numbers will go up to 90 lakhs to 1 crore 10 lakhs
in the aspect of press freedom Australia had achieved 35 position
there was deepness in this system
Umpire
After that went to turkey and Southeast Europe
"For Japan, the path had become hard for further advance towards the Southeast Asia."
"But the Parliament only lasted for two years and Sultan abolished it. Later, he was pressurized to recall the Parliament."
Read our instructions and Policy.
in its all taqreez he praised to the Britishers on their talent and beckoned on their scientific inventions and tried to show that this is the secret of their success
"While bowling the ball, the bowler has turn his twist and the ball should be revolved above the shoulder of the bowler and after releasing the ball, it has to hit the ground."
15 October-in north vaziristan due to drone attack of America 4 people were died
"Here, we'll clarify ourselves by presenting some examples."
8the of June - A North Korean court sentenced two American Journalists for 12 years in prison for of charge of entering illegally in the country.
"There are several reasons for the stopping of Ottoman successes after reaching a specific point. One of them was the limitation due to geographical characteristics, due to which the Ottoman army couldn't advance ahead of Vienna from the beginning of spring to the end of autumn."
"women started getting chances in state works, politics and social activities"
All Qazis used to be the city's justice providers and their jurisdiction also extended towards the neighboring areas.
Title: People of the House
"he wrote a book named """"the reconstruction of religious thought in Islam"""" which is known as eristic and in Saudi Arabia there is restriction on that book"
National Flag gave by dastor assembly on 11 August 1947
Law making assemblies should not be able to pass a resolution until it is voted by three fourth of the majority of a particular race as in their common interest.
"Jamia Masjid Faizan e Madina Sosan Road,Madina Town"
This is as special type of identifiers which resource like computer or documentation extra.
Spin orbit
the major was stern with the issue &joined a pipe from a flowing water & attached to a ship with a nozzle& of the river Nile& started pouring over the wall
Square shield in which logo for four most important industries of the country is engraved.
"Thirdly, the betterment of the Muslim trading is better for everyone"
"The Great Barrier Reef, which is the worlds largest coral reef, is right next to the southern coast of Australia, covering an area of 2000 kilometers."
Talau 1299 till 1453
Between 17th and 19th century between Russia and Ottoman empire many war were also fought which are called Turkish Russian war
"Upon receiving the letters from the people in Kufa, Imam Hussein had dispatched Muslim ibn Aqeel to Kufa in an attempt to consider the exact situation and public opinion."
Actual Shape: Indonesia's geographic
there was invitation of Islam in this letters
"German army had recaptured Libya in June, but the British forces defeated them again in November."
terrorist attack and opposing became daily routine and like that the way of revolution opened
Attackers were from Middle east and mostly related to medical field
Parachute
"200 people died in four bomb explosions in Moosal, the city of Iraq"
In 19 August 1919 celebrated as a freedom.
Thomas Paine was the first one to propose this name.
"April 27 - Talibaans attack Hamid karzai , 6 persons died including one member of parliament,  and 3 were terrorist, the president of Afghan escaped ."
"His son Amanullah Khan became the king after his assassination, and started a war against the English, but an agreement between him and the English was reached in Rawalpindi on 19th August, 1919. In accordance with that agreement, the English gave up their control in Afghanistan and their influence in A"
Its soil is the oldest and least fertile
"In this regard, the Geneva Agreement was signed between Russia, Afghanistan and Pakistan in 1989."
"Which is given resourced government due to less load, increase in poverty and due to it being weak. [82] There are many problems due to unlawfull cutting. Wildfires are usually found in western Indonesia and some parts of Malaysia and Singapore. Water resources are plenty but air pollution is spreading "
All of these are president powers.
he use to take other people things also for the purpose of business
West Kalimantan(Kalimantan Pontianak --Barat)
Norwegian is the longest place heightening 24557 feets and after Tarch Mer.
"At the end of one over, the other bowler starts bowling from the other end of the wicket."
See more
"This people then one by one Hasrath ali akbar, Abdullah bin muslim, Jaffar tayyar grandson adi,Akeel son abdul rehman, Hazrath hussain son Qasim and Abbu bakkar etc get in ground of war and died"
"According to American Military history, although air force attacks made the ability of Japan to fight quite weaker, even then when japan gave up, Japan have an army of 2,000,000 soldiers ."
He performed to all last prayer of the King.
his grand father abdul muttallib was the boss of quraish
Sports and Recreation
Britain claimed the eastern half of Australia in 1770.
"Advanced towards the west, and claimed one victory after another. This led to a comprehensive defeat to the Taira tribe in a naval war in the year 1185."
In the year 1637 thousands of Christian farmers near Nagasaki did a bloody rebellion because Portugal openly supported this rebel.
The kingdom has got autonomy and it was gone in the hand of bartaniya and France.
As the small group defeat was possible so they allied where the rich peoples
These all natural resources never been used because of the continuous war.
For detailed subject please see.
the president  is the responsible for indian states
"The efforts to establish the Usmani airforce were well underway when at the end of the 1st World War in 1918, the allied forces captured Istanbul. This resulted in the death of the airforce"
Start
yazed when he become a king he order to madina walidbin aqeb with his sir he baite walidane has not became so tight to him but murvar ban ull hukum to take baite any how.
Not an eye for America because occupied of Indo china by japan and agreement of Germany and Italy.
"although in 1948 America, britian, and in the france conspiracy the area of filistin also came in that kingdom and the half part of bait ul muqaddas went to yahudis"
Changez khan after attacking on Turkic he made west Asia his capital.
"In one battle-royal, 10,000 Christians were killed but the Crusaders continued the siege. As no other Islamic nation lent a friendly hand towards the Sultan, so due to the blockade of the Crusaders, the contact between the citizens and the Sultan ceased and the Sultan, in spite of all of his efforts, co"
because of war and migrant now Afghan's are understanding Urdu very well
"the total population of china is almost 1.3 billion, which is the 5 of world's population"
due to industrial network and other business this is called Pakistan's Manchester
generally Kohyural's west part's Eurosia totally called Europe
he said that : god does not play taas
The important  import suppliers from Indonesia are Japan 0.18 %
"Hurricane, floods and frequent rains killed 15 people in Baluchistan while more than 15000 are displaced."
Hazrat Muhammad had  also a trade travel  with his uncle and got knowledge about trade matter.
On the other hand Bakufu's mutual relations with China and Korea were quite weak and there weren't many links.
"Before the construction of the Clock tower, a market in its vicinity was developed"
History
In 1963 second constitution was imposed in Pakistan.
India is a union of its states and its basic skelaton is central
Supreme court is the highest court of the country.
"Imam Hussain orders him to put two bags of Kofa people letters, and said that now you people have changed your opinion."
"At the time being, China is known as a power of sports in Asia as well as in the World."
He was a supporter of a nation's independence. And officially took part in the political movements.
historically America Mudriya was with British and France and German people were against them in big quantity
"884 metres (16,024 feet), Puncak, is the most busy, and the lake toba sumatra is the largest"
"Besides this hundreds of thousands of Jews were killed in Netherlands, France, Belgium, Yogoslavia and Greece"
one time they asked a question to hazrat ali
Galib as put a relationship between himself and Aligarh.
"In 1942 the British was actively invloved in this world war, however, the Germans had been leading in creating all choas and destrcution along with Italy as their counterpart."
In 1530 to 1660 Haram's country has inter-fear which cannot be ignored who has played very important role.
"Japan had estimated that only one US fleet exists in the central Pacific Ocean, while it had no knowledge about the rest."
Common ground.
Invention of the Internet
July 4
"If we take this record around 30 Lakhs, Soviet union military 1.5lakhs mentally 1.5 lakhs bodily affected people will be form."
"In 1627 Usmani ships raided Fort Shet Land, Fort Faroo, Denmark, Norway and Icelad. And they got success in 1627 to 1631 to raid upto Ireland and Sweden."
But there actual purpose was help revolution of Russia
Blue river valley the meaning are become strong
After finishing the kingdom of Bartaniya scholar people were used to make earning and left the affect on the world.
match is generally played in daylight and in the event of less light the match is stopped.
So what? Its Diplomatic effects are available.
"Within an hour of an agreement Japan fifth division Lieutant general aki hutoo nakamora leadership with light and middle tanks and 30,000 force leaves from China and entered into Karando from three sides"
Juan Ponsi de Lion was the first man in history to step onto the coast of Florida on 2nd April 1513
The fire had taken control of 4.5 miles of the city
this translation is done only for the urdu readers so that they can understand
"80,000 to 100,000 mentally ill adults were killed in the rehabilitation centers for mentally ill patients between 1939 and 1943. Furthermore, an additional 5,000 children and 1,000 Jews were also killed in these centers."
"In the last few years, these clouds have shown shortage in the number that effect of the atmosphere of the earth."
after mid of 19th century china developed in economy and army and non Chinese spread influence in china
After many days of constant fighting both parties had lost many lives
The most popular sport of Saudi Arabia is football.
Europe in terms of area after left Australia is the smallest continent whose area is 1 crore 40 lakhs km which is only 2% of the whole world.
Japan became Against this and make ready his force.
Actually these organisation is not available.
"First successful British settlement was established in Jamestown, Virginia, in 1607 AD."
There people professed Buddhism and other Tribe religions before Islam.
Art:Financial prosperity
President Pervaiz Musharraf eliminated the emergency from the country
"The word """"Australia"""" was first used in 1625."
American army after the subjugation of Shoray had also took over the control of Air field and advancement towards south was continued but to subjugate the Japanese force was still quite out of reach.
"16 February-In Mangoora suicide attack near Army media center 3 persons died,18 injured"
Pakistan bowler bowling
Granada
"During Japan's war preparations, USA had found a secret code called JN25, which was a big achievement on the part of Admiral Nimitz."
Bowling team can out batsman during making runs by hitting wickets with the ball before him reaching the designated crease
"Even though Japan was advancing as planned, because of the bad weather the 'Zero' fighters of the air force faced problems in landing on to the fleet carriers and had to wait another two days."
For example a team makes 280 runs in fifty overs at the fall of six wickets then we will right it in this way 280/6 (50 Overs)
Also basketball where there is less space are gaining more popularity among urban youngsters
"By merging 'Net' from 'Network and 'Inter' from 'International', the word """"Internet"""" is formed."
they thought that it was easy to understand  them due to the feudal system  and  the friendly behave of Japanese in Japan.
"In 16th century western Europe specially Portuguese headed towards Ushman, which was very difficult for them."
It is painful for me but I declared my self as an allay.
"17th of July, 8 peoples died and near 50 peoples injured as a result of a suicide attack in Indonesian city Jakarta."
"When only 1 batsman is left for batting, i.e. the remaining players cannot bat for some reason"
while first world war  Jinnah favored other developed liking Indians in that hope of that in the result Indians given political freedom
Later on warning The mosque will be emptied after
many ways like ball hitting the wicket and fall of wood sticks etc etc
the condition of international market was not good
But Har said that we have the orders to arrest you.
"Japan suspected that Soviet Union could launch a big attack on Manchuria at any time. For this reason, Foreign Minister Togo sent the Japanese ambassador, Naotake, towards Moscow on 30th June, 1945, with the following message:"
Newspaper:Dawn
There are 100 million stars of G2 class in our galaxy.
although shumarinda keeps the treasure of memory for that these instruction also is given in that so for that all is like code of numbers
Pakistan's chief justice Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry restored.
Aerial: Those countries where English is predominantly spoken but on fundamentally not spoken.
Grounds filled with trees and grass are found in the East which turn into prairies. Corneference Jungles and Rocky mountains are in the West and South West has the desert
20th of January: Barack Hussein Obama had taken the oath as a new American president.
bait ul muqaddas continuously in the hands of Muslims till 761 years
that is the reason man chooses these limited sources
"With respect to the number of passengers, 17 US airports ranked among the 30 biggest airports of the world in 2004."
Every thing was melting becuase of extreme hotness
"The war had Korean made more than 300 Naval ships and 400 to 500 boats based 15,000 Mongols and Chinese soldiers and 8,000 Korean solders"
From 1990
"this group has Pakistan,s best Urdu news channel"
He has Linux Trademark
"American later on also captured Iraq, which leads one to believe that they elimanated one Governement in Afghanistan who could have helped Iraq when they attacked it"
"Academies were made by royal support, which were performing the debates  on writing and printing of the classical things."
"But end of violence , came with the agreement punishment are given to those who are responsible and Japanese families  to give 500,000 are announce"
He would happily incorporate the bugs fixed by people into the code.
"In Taiwan 2 billion 84 crore and 61 lac dollars, In north east China 9 billion 76 crores and 88 lac dollars, in north China 3 billion 69 crores and 58 lac dollars, in central south China 2 billion  44 crore and 79 lac dollars whereas in other parts had 1 billion 86 crore and 76 lac dollars."
Sheiks of Islam
Novelty Cinema
The reason for this was that a pure Islamic government was not accepted by Western world and India.
"In 1219 , there few ambassador who sent to different countries got murdered"
Soviet's POWs
Wikipedia is such a source of knowledge which has been compiled in partnership with its own readers.
Hazrat Imam Hussain
The fighting in Manchuria and other such incidents paved the way for a second war between China and Japan
Baseball is national game but in 1990 decade american football was become more famous
"Jinnah following this case,giving evidence for his clients, said that if an Indian talk about creating an independent government in his own country then this does not comes under the category of breach of peace or treasury but despite this Bal Ganga Dhar was sentenced jail and server for this case."
"Although during this time, Admiral Fletcher also attacked the Japanese army - which had reached southern Tolaggy - with 40 bomber planes of his fleet 'York Town' after holding an important meeting with Admiral Feige of Task Force 11 on 4th of May. Something that was totally unexpected for Japanese Admir"
"Cricket is a game that played by a bat and a ball wherein among both teams, the winning team scores more than the opponent's runs."
But there a no decisions to take them in profit way.
"Compilation of statistics regarding the holocaust by Lucy Davidawish, statistics of Jewish destruction in Europe"
"In this comments Ghalib has expressed his views that instead of spending time on Aain e Akbari, giving attention to the Laws of British Government would be better."
But after this battle Sikhs started enhancing their influence in Punjab and slowly slowly occupied many areas of Punjab.
For more information see: Bowling
"Despite its large population and densely populated regions, Indonesia has vast areas of wilderness that support the world's second highest level of biodiversity."
"In test match if the team scores lesser runs in total in its both the innings as compared to the team batting first then this is written as: Team lost by """"N"""" runs, where """"N"""" stands for remaining runs."
On the light house the clock was broad from Bombay.
Weather and Geography
Data from data
The person who started this is Ali Kabar Hashmi Rafasan Johnyand  he run three departments of the government and also their are religious people.
Supporters and protestors of the Lawyers are controlled.
"This tussle came to an end with Japan announcing a relief package of 500,00 Yen for the affected families due to this war"
Development and change of international law
"15 October - In North Waziristan, 4 people killed as a result of an american drone attack"
Related topics.
Kite
It helps to preserve the operational stability of the Internet; to promote competition; to achieve broad representation of global Internet community (world level) ; and to develop policies appropriate to its mission.
"On 7th June, I-168 - a Japanese submarine - fired four torpedoes from the front, one of which hit USS Humman(?) and it broke into two. Two torpedoes proved destructive for the fleet 'York Town'."
A company of Turkey has implanted a wind mill unit in Sindh for the generation of electricity by wind whereas one company is coming to Pakistan with power plant in next month which will provide 200 mega watts of electricity to city of Karachi.
"Hitler made a relief amendment upon the pressure of German President, Hindenburg, which dictated that only those Jews could continue their current jobs who had served during the First World War and have grown old or those whose fathers and sons participated in the First World War."
Results
On daughter and two sons were born.
0 crore years completes the rotation
230 have a population of nearly 1 million. This is the worlds 4th most populated country and the highest number for a Muslim country
National Anthem
Every religion should have the right of separate elections.
"8 April - In Northern waziristan , american drown attack killed 8 people"
and like this in every 7 days sun travels one astronomical unit distance
"There was no control on army either of parliament or of government, even the emperor was also helpless"
(First skin) Basic Urdu
daily base
Urdu is Pakistans national language and is spoken and understood in the entire country
"After that, an agreement related to custom laws and regulations was signed between them. It was eventually enforced on 1st January, 1996."
26 August - Pakistan Taliban confirm the death of Baitullah Mehsud
Poland children forcefully assorted with their parents and those children who found German were sent to Germany and given responsibility to German families
Apart from that a large number lives outside Australia.
hazrat ayesha bint abubakkar: was the daughter of abubakkar and was so young and did marry with huzur
Meiji Era
Two players from the batting side will be present always at the time of match.
Jewish
Capture of Okinawa
This is starting sentence became the part of Quran.
Lowgar
To make runs
from February 1893 Sir Syed Ahmad khan lived in deferent areas to leave Delhi due to his job in  British government and he had so less chance to continual settlement in Delhi.
The political consequences of Balqan war were the Takhts and government of three Pashas.
America's aerial operation in Somalia against the organization of Fazal Abdullah Muhammad.
Ahmed the second
"Indonesia 1945 constitution has distributed with four amendments , management , judiciary , and legislation  branches reform , Indonesia President"
Today Indonesia and Malaysia like countries are gaining popularity in Islamic banking and finance sector
"You have to omit all the parts given under the file """"verification"""" or """"attestation."
She is the first Iranian and Muslim lady to win this award.
Announcement of Sihoni state
Category : Construction
When situation in Afghanistan worsen than with the invitation  afghan communist party Russia send there army to Afghanistan
"it is told that mustanad wruter putaali parah, lived in bihar in the kingdom of gupta, one time when sanskrit language and culture was towards developing"
Afghanistan had killed a British battalion that comprised of almost one thousand people.
this map Tehdoor Harastal who has given the advice of Sehoni state in 1896 and this advice was that map was against present by Rabi Fashman in 1947
"The big groups of committee are usually defined as """"Reform"""" and """"Conservative""""."
"Listening to the phrases of Yazid and looking at his act, a traveler present in his court said, “ I belong to the clan of Prophet Musa"
"Some means also assume Alaska to be included in that because no doubt it is away from other states of America , but the it is a part of the continent North America."
Hazrat Ayub Ansari (R.A)
January 28-
Pakistan's president Parvez Musharraf dismissed the chief justice Iftekhar Muhammad Chawdhary.
A comprehensive definition of economics given by Lionel Robbins goes like that: 'Economics is such a knowledge in which we analyze the human behavior when they have to contemplate unlimited wishes with limited resources.
Saudi Arabia has been a Spanish champion for three times and two times a participant of the finals.
"After this attack and the destruction of Mangols, they returned to their places, however, the coastal areas were further shielded by the local kingdom so as to avert attacks like these, done by Mongols"
Category: Europe
west and east Germany united in 1990 and after that Germany is the member of European union
Its national language is german
For the acquisition of fresh water Peoples have to depend on such Private companies which sell water by cleaning it with the help of water filtering plant.
who after 10 january but before 31 december period was written when syed ahmed khan was the writer of fateh poor sekri
Hazrat Adnan's children are called Banu Adnan.
this painfull incident occured on 10 moharram 61 hijri by 10
In the same year employment arrangement was of Asian association was founded and the Japanese technology was founded for Asia progress.
Ahmed first
"His New Order administration was supported by the US government, and encouraged foreign direct investment in Indonesia, which was a major factor in the subsequent three decades of substantial economic growth."
systematic dividing
good treatment is only for wealthy people and poor go to government hospitals and listen the bad words from doctors to pune
"The century old system of feudalism was changed and resulted in Japan becoming a world power, which was an example of success without western cultural influences"
For Promote this hobby there was a big interfere of  Maulvi Mir Hasan .
"13 January - Ethiopia has started withdrawing, its troops from Somalia after two years"
"29 planes, an airfield was consstructed immediately and from 27 October 1944, Japanese were attacked from this field"
He quit the patent office and the lectureship to take the position of Professor in 1909 at the University of Zürich.
The reason behind this was that that no one had been able to invade Japan in the last 2000 years nor was it ever defeated in a war.
February 18
"the green color in flag Muslim's, white color is from those who is in divided Pakistan"
Sirius
"This treaty and written practice was also covenant to stop war between tribes of Medina , Jewish and Christians."
During the construction of Seong Railway Line 1 million citizens and war slaves died.
education
Sal-eh said after the victory of htyn Aden towards Jerusalem for a week after bloody war Christians surrendered and asked for mercy.
Architect In the time off Usmani kingdom is seen in mosque.
"One """" secondary part """" is the sub part or that important part which describes the relations between the document of the publisher or author's general topics ( or similar matters ) and it does not have any thing which directly comes under the general topics."
Nazi party became the second biggest party of Germany in the elections held in 1930.
Famous sahaba
for example the nearest predecessor of Imam Abu Hanifah  were belong  to Afghanistan.
express
This planet is been named GJ 1214.
"After Granada was conquered in 1492, Muslims were expelled from Spain. Huge number of Jews and Christians were also thrown out of the country and the Ottoman Empire had allowed those people stay in its country and permitted to live freely."
some times this Bug is like that instead of their presence there is no effect on the working of Barnach and this kind bug is known as benign
"After the conclusion of World War II, the world's center of performing arts shifted to USA from Paris."
Hazrat Usman
But Goblez to suicide on 1-st may.
"Because of rich oil fields, Iraq is considered as a very important country. It has second largest oil reserves in the world."
"like this lacs of Jews men,ladies,children and other then old man,united likeness,Poland's most population,slaves,handicapped,political and religious groups were mercilessly killed"
The people living in the Kingdom would be provided with variuos welfare activites including scholarships to the poor and widows.
"In total, 5.1 million people of Poland were killed by the Nazis."
June 2 1948 he is been hanged in Landzirg jail
"During the 17th and 19th century many wars have been fought between Russia and Ottoman Empire, which called Turk Russia wars."
"Australian army was comparatively larger than the Japanese in numbers, but lacked the training, modern weaponry and resources for jungle warfare."
Even though being a christain the author has proven with his reasoning that Hazrat Muhammad is worthy of being called Syed ul Bashar.
"Until now, the news of Amir Muawiah's death was not spread in Madinah."
Now Japanese land destroying was started
"But because of the intellect of Hazrat Muhammad, the pact of reconciliation was done."
15 January - Pakistan has arrested 124 absconded people in connection with the Mumbai attack as a crack down
Which is why indian leaders could not give it the name of Hindustan
New deployment of the population done after each ten years.
"In that the 5000 thousand is, world largest, heavy, and very old in whole world in that."
"and some more are connected to the breed of south and east african, who were brought here as a slave"
15 January -
.
Salahuddin Ayyubi
But Afghanistan had turned into a strong nation by then.
One case 1877
"Chenab Club, Faisalabad"
3rd of January: Israel had entered their ground forces in Gaza during Gaza war.
8 people died in US drone attack in the Mir Ali village on 20th November.
"after finishing the Rom kingdom people make their own Monarchy, and they make there own territory."
21 [] and followed the britian businessmen
"Shenwari tribes initiated the rebellion from Jalalabad in November 1928, and advanced towards Kabul after joining other people with them."
"In his book """"Book of West"""" Goetay he has mentioned his love for Prophet Mohammed (PBUH) many times and he has presented the flowers of love for HIS feet."
They had also planned to annihilate any enemy vehicle on the way to help the people for the fight of midway.
Russia's success did not like by america at all CIA have started make Islamic government strong
.
on Indonesia's java land ownership taken from almost 40 lac people
In 1947 Arrange to World countries organization.
Server Apache or personal web server
"As it is industrial city, its populations is growing day by day."
"User Datagram Protocol or UDP is one of the core members of the Internet Protocol Suite. With UDP, computer applications can send messages, in this case referred to as datagrams, to other hosts"
Protocols of Internet
"Jamia Mosque Sunni Rizvi and Shrine Molana Sardar Ahmed, Jhang Bazar Faisalabad"
This is considered to be Japans biggest internal political problem after the 2nd World War
"Indonesia is a republic, with an elected legislature and president."
For the entry of the state in European Alliance talks have being continued for a long duration.
"The Midway War could never be ignored in Japanese history, which was fought on 4-7 June, 1942, around a small US island situated in the Pacific Ocean after the attack on Pearl Harbor."
He lacked education.
How to play cricket
Drinking water
Enemies from all ways attack him
Internet or Web is one different area which is depend on so many small systems therefore centrally internet is not of any king or any organization
"In China's province, Songjiang, arrangements against suspected terrorism."
But Hur said we have order to arrest You.
"In 1973, George Shaw and Sir James Smith published a report by the name of Zoology and Botony for New Holland, in which they talked extensivly about a huge island, instead of a continent"
normally day and nights are for 24 hours
Indonesia is a founding member of ASEAN and a member of the G-20 major economies.
In China a hacking war
"Another aspect of Holocaust, the abundant use of human lives for experiments of medicine."
and at one time on in one ball only one batsman can be given out
Category :Muslim Spain
Kernel
That way big companies established and countries wealth major part goes there
Armenian azurians' genocide
Israel's President Moshe Katsav accused of sexual inordinateness and use of illicit powers.
List of Urdu websites
"Soul foods was the preferred diet of the African slaves, which has now become very common in America."
The final rote it was came that sultan government weeks their government.
This aerial attack was planned by the Lt Col James Doolittle.
"23 June-disqualification was given to Nawaz Sharif in temporary elections,whole country opposes"
Hazrat Imam Ali Raza
"For this dry port, there is also arrangement of special roads and railway stations, by which it is in touch with Lahore, Islamabad, Peshawar and Karachi."
This company specialty give to AOL-Messenger.
"The British union Flag was designed by a famous designer called Desmong Yong, which was actually designed by Ganga Ram before who was a famous town planner"
He made Hazrath ali alias salaam his brother.
"as new places came in io it, the state rights, the charector of culture government, business of alamo, which was legal in 13 states and there were no source of it towards north and ended in 1804 and like these problems nation divided"
President of the country was selected by the Sultan himself
Saudi ministry of culture
other than that establish system in Asia is using Links
Intelligence and Casuistry
Around than that japan also have a control on borneu and samatra roadways there petroleum supply sent for this to philipine control this was very important
Einstein temporarily worked in different places as teacher At last on June 1902 he got job in Switzerland's city Bern
Hokaido - Tohoko - Hokoriko - Kanto - Chobo - Kenki - Chogoku - Shikoku - Kyosho - Ryokyu
But when they were not longer needed to America then same Mujhahideen were used to be called as terrorist by America and Pakistan.
Taking advantage of this effect with mixtures ENGLISH Afghanistan borders the specific content of agreement
There was many organisation who was preparing air force and arms.
Islamic shariya and Quran is the law to handle all the problems.
"galib, Mirza Asad Ullah Khan"
"Because the Roma and Sinti are traditionally a secretive people with a culture based on oral history, less is known about their experience of the genocide than about that of any other group."
The estimates given by affectees and those who were killed is quite large
"Pak-Turk Business Council has targeted to take the bilateral trade between Pakistan and Turkey to $2 billion by 2012, but Turkey wishes that the target of trade between the two be increased to $4-5 billion annually, for which both the countries will have to increase their efforts."
november
"Olympics of 2008 that are known as Olympiad games of XXIX, will be held in Beijing."
Test matches play in a day light.
Muslims should be given a major part in government jobs and in independent institutions.
Japan - China Relations
with this you have to take care of the changed version in which following points must be shown
Many military personal unable to endure this agonizing moment committed suicide and on 15th and 16th August many of them murdered more than a 100 American POWs
13th February-Pakistan's religious and political coalition Muttahida Majlis e Amal terminated the boycott of assembly and took back the decision of resignation.
France is one of the Eight Atomic Powerful Nations.
like this position would last long up to 498
10 May
There are the basic reason a large number of immigrants of Pakistani and Indian.
method of playing cricket.
"During the search, Japanese forces attacked the Marco Polo bridge with armored vehicles."
"Now one by one Hazrat Akbar Ali, Abdullah Bin Muslima, the grandson of Jaffar Tayar, Abdul Rehman the son of Aqeel, the son of Hazrat Hassan Qasim and Abubakar etc came into the field and were martyred."
Umpire
Hence Hazrat Abu Talib terminated the journey and returned to Mecca.
"Tourism Minister and mining magnate G Janardhana Reddy,"
Beased on this the European council and Turkish custom union was established
this even took place at 10 muharram 61 hijari around 10 October 680
Category: Iraq
All the genealogies that appeared at the time of Mohammed were considered by Mohammed and his close followers to be false.
"Current human being mean """"Homosepien """" are consider ashrafalmakholakat which from 2 lac year to 160,000 grows in ethopia area"
Ottoman empire remained established for 631 years and in 16th and 17th century it was world's strongest political power
November
The tribes had decided to boycott the men and women who claimed to be Muslims who were sheltered in the Pass of Abu Talib for three years.
In between Australia and Asia are the seas of Timor and Arafura.
Current years Confucianism supporters democratic lords and human right has made him into the same place
The bowler swings his arm during bowling and bangs the  ball on the ground after rolling the ball over his shoulder.
Einstein got many opportunities to work in different universities when he first visited America.
this period publishers is known as satara patanjali book is known as yoga sastram
Malta
the pursuivant of imam hussain was killed by the men of ibne ziad
"Uniter of dozens of states under one spiritual state,"
"7 December , 1941 a general order of hitler night and fog institution created which headed by nazi leader william catbal"
Political changes was started and culture development was started
Enemies have attacked on him from every side.
the wperson who stands along with the wicket is non starter
"USA didn't believe that Japan could display such bravery as to invade its (USA) homeland. But on 7th December, 1941, Japan proved all of the US speculations wrong by attacking Pearl Harbor."
United Nations Development Program.
"During the reign of Selim II, the Prime President Muhammad Pasha Soqulili presented the plans to construct Suez and Don-Volga canals in order to strengthen the economy, but these couldn't be implemented."
There families are live prisoners because except there area they are not allowed to move to other places
Married Mileva in January 1903.
.3 yards)
"If summary is to be presented by shortening the above mentioned information, then two important characteristics of computer could be described as such that -"
"ON 15th August 1945, Japans emperor Hirohito while speaking on Radio Tokyo said that his country accepts defeat"
at the two sides of canal for one two kilometer there was water stretching motor fitted by which people get free water day and night
Estonia
"After World War II, Australia appreciated Europe's support."
"When Mirza did not found that bottle  he scared , then Sir syed told."
after that the toll of death rate down due to because Germany want war prisoners that they can work as slave during war in them 5 lakhs were taken as slave or Labors
Inside the forts the woody inscriptions were done and sliding doors and folding screens were implanted and walls were painted with bold colors.
They are called spinner
Map of Afghanistan.
the name of economics had given to Muashiat .
"Japanese political parties were severely criticized that they were dividing the nation instead of uniting it, for their own interests."
Military forces of Sri Lanka had killed the terrorists.
This things are required for installation
A feudal of north west Kew shook accepted Christianity include his 1500 servants in 1569  and fired out a  Buddha  temple in anger and built a church in this place.
Important Part ( Mother Board )
In many countries of the world it has the status of secondary or official language.
"Nuristani and Baluchi together, comprising 4%, speak 30 different kinds of dialect."
mahatmi gandhi's hindu policies made jinah comple to leave congress
"After the Iran Iraq war in the 1980's, both countries have not been able to stabilise their relations, however in the matter of Iraq, it announced that it was neutral and even though it criticized military action on Iraq, it remained neutral"
This was for promising loyalty to the country
Kingdom
America had gained many noble prizes in science  especially in biology and medicine.
World cultures: Usmani-
People do there decision with independent and complete information
"Actually these cities were not yet bombarded by the US Air Force as the Allied Command was trying to estimate the required ammunition by surveying these cities. Because Hiroshima was thought to contain huge amounts of ammunition, and it was also a big port city."
"Here, the allied forces were continuing their air bombing on Germany"
"Harat - 349,000"
the use of water bens in java for cultivation of rice
category: incidents
ELECTRIC MAIL
Two car bomb explosions held in the capital of Algeria Algiers.
27 July
Dubai ruler shiekh bin Rashid al maktoom announces a grant of 10 billion dollar to one middle east education institution
The main reason is that computer definition was change with the passage of time so it is impossible that any first computer called a computer
"This is not compulsory but it is advised that you should contact the writer of the document before distributing its copies in a large number, perhaps he may give you the latest version of the document."
"Indonesia has sand dunes, mangroves, sea weed, coastal mudflats, algal beds, and small islands"
"in 1997 from britian """"hong kong"""" was given to democeacy china and in 1999 makao returned to purtgal"
"Even the islands of Korea were feeling the heat of the war, and was its chances were also felt  in South Korea, however, the North Korea was seen at the sides of Soviet Union along with China."
Results to be announced accordingly after the court's consent.
"Aruf,Haifa,Yafah and one city has gone under the custody crusaders"
Lesson 6:full interest and coupling
"Due to protracted droughts and old methods of irrigation, winds blowing in the Spring are normal."
"Indonesia sea beaches, sand dunes, estuaries, mangroves, coral reefs, sea grass beds, coastal mudflats, tidal flats, algal beds, and small island ecosystems. The British naturalist, Alfred Wallace."
"Actually, Vatsyayana was called Mallanaga over there because Mallanaga"
The American Congress is consists of two houses.
"All of the areas under Nazi hegemony contained slaughter houses, where humans were slaughtered. Now 35 different European countries occupy these areas."
"The conditions in Europe were changing such that the Germans had surrendered in Stalingrad on 31st January, 1943, because their condition had deteriorated due to the starvation and lack of food caused by the siege, which was ongoing from November."
Lithuania
Quantum Mechanics
Those 9 players are called as fielders.
by failure in this problems solution home war started
Players and management
Urdu is the joint language in Pakistan and it merge with area languages.
Playing Area.
Security Council
"Japanese royal ocean naval commander Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto said by raising finger and getting emotional """" This is not enough that we conquer Gowam, Philippine or even Hawaii or San Fransisco ,but we have to go still ahead and have to march towards Washington and sign on the agreement should be at Wh"
specially Automobile and Electronics have more improved
This circle usually works in one day matches.
Arrive in Karbala
Every other day a new tax would be imposed
Harra is place to programme
"According to careful estimates, 5000-15000 Germans were sent to the concentration camps as they were suspected homosexuals."
"Indeed where the reason of establishment of that organization was national impoverishment, the Sakurai Blossom Society was also a reason."
Bosnia and Herzgovina
Since 2.30 pm Japanese members were discussing for sending the arms but after 3 hours the meeting there was no any result.
"Kandhar - 450,300"
The wisdom that being entitled to the pious Caliphates was indeed related not to the human wisdom but rather attributed to wisdom of God alone.
"Approximately ten years later in the year 1853, four steam-run US ships anchored near Edo under the leadership of Commodore Matthew Perry."
the history of china's success reaches before 6000 years too
The cultivatable land is also found in this area.
the borders of Alaska also connects with Canada and baher-ul-kahel is in its south and north ocean is in its north
Iqbal Stadium Faisalab
"On all the four side of Britain there are Atlantic ocean and sub oceans including North sea, Rod bad England, Celtic sea and Irish sea."
Due to Existence between Asia and Europe it has got historical importance.
Salimi mosque is one of the wonders made by Sinan Pasha
Three trips were taken around the city and during this it was known that fuel level in the craft was getting low because the fuel was not coming in the fuel storage tank through the pipe.
France.
Spain
American force and weapons were so much increased
"China war was fought between 1st August 1894 to 17 April 1895, between the Chinese Government and Meiji Japan"
"On 30th July after the death of the Meiji emperor, Taisho became the 123rd ruler of Japan and his rule lasted from 30th July 1912 to 25 december 1926"
2 trillion US dollars
Saudi Arabia works on the development of Islam through the establishment of Mosques and Quran schools throughout the world.
Relatives
Nearly 3% of the country's land consists of mountains. They are spread over all islands.The highest mountain is Fuji (also called saan under special circumstances) which is 3776 metres high. It is located in a volcanic area of Japan which is why many earthquakes come here which are also the reason for t
15 century middle europe event started and there few countries found
Eric Smit from left
"To attack Iraq,Brittan prepared a propaganda with many lies."
"the group of imam hussain and yazid were proceeding each other, and where imam hussain groups moves to the side of Arab yazid make them move towards kaof"
"130 million people live on the island of Java, the world's most populous island."
in 1214 conquered two states of China
"Before the start of match captains of both teams throw coin in air, this process is call Toss"
kingdom of Saudia island is the biggest country in Arab
he gave peace to every christian and the poor who could not pay their dept he paid them by himself
"Prince Bandar Bin sultan involved in corruption , BBC reports."
Even with Muslims there are few peoples which are not accepting terms of agreement
YouTube
the population is expected to grow to around 254 million by 2020 and 288 million by 2050.
In this all the people of the world are 4.
Japan consists of nearly 3000 island
1 January.
Province Azarbaijan Sharki
"USA had also judged the changed attitude of Japan. Secret reports suggested that Japan might invade Philippine, therefore, USA began war preparations there."
there are very rare people who changes the history and very rare who changes the world and very someone born in the centuries who establishes a new nation
It appears from this that the childhood of The Holy Prophet unlike that of other children was not spent in play and frolic;and that the signs of prophecy were present in him right from the beginning.
13 january - Ethopia started pulling out its troops from Somali parts after two years.
At that time 10 Japanese ships were present in the waters but their aerial component had not yet arrived.
"Kuomintang (Nationalist Party) under Chiang Kai Shek united China under its own rule at the end of 1920, shifted the capital to Nanjing, and began to enforce the system of political leadership."
"This is published from the 11 cities of country which includes Lahore, Islamabad, Karachi, Peshawar, Quetta, Multan, Faisalabad, Gojra nawal , Sarkodha, Raheem yaar khan and Sikhar."
This is the only way to get a place for the new place of living for Germany .
"It is said that the gulf between USA and Japan began to widen from then onwards. In fact, it is considered as the first step of a bigger conflict."
On 1st January 1983 TCP/IP Network had started own work when US government agency created basic hull of University Network then after that made NSF NET.
Its consist in 508 island.
Police force was called in big numbers.
Japanese Air forces attack on mangolia soviet union airport and many planes are destroyed but in Tokyo area king headquarter are without permission
"One post means chary's, main working organisation."
The British fought two wars in this series.
Five year old children hadeyi yaria was powerless and actual power have with other leaders
national flag was approved on 11 august 1947
1%) and Singapore (8.
"Iran is bordered on the north by Armenia, Azerbaijan and Turkmenistan; on the east are Pakistan and Afganistan; and on the west are Turkey and Iran"
This is written by a German reporter
"The decency, honesty and generosity of this family was very popular."
As per safi affayad syed was invented by Mohammed.
"13 May - 7 bomb blasts in Jaipur, India. 80 people killed, more than 200 injured."
Due to wide or no ball the bowler bowls these balls more.
International relations
for the free software foundation GNU can print many approvals in that versions
these sort of things also got famous that before some years the same group used this word
In every over a bowler balls six (6) balls.
President elections in France.
Jamia Mosque Al-e-Imran Sidhupura
Similarly from the River Indus came the name India
Pakistan's TV Channels
Maldowa
"However the skirmish ended when according to a treaty, rebels were punished and those who had their loved ones killed were given 500,000 yen as compensation"
Mustafi Sani
In 1945 Vensya has made very good arrangement of jurisdiction and court.
"An attempted coup on 30 September 1965 was countered by the army, who led a violent anti-communist purge, during which the PKI was blamed for the coup and effectively destroyed."
even yazid's own son resigned qilafath because of that incident
Yazid himself put the head on his tast and touch the teeth and wrote the poetry and the translation was like this
this book in sanskrit known as a knowledge of love
"After the format found success in England, it was introduced internationally in 1971."
"In this war, with the help of America, Egypt"
"All tax are clearly stated in which sale tax , production tax are included"
Every day Muslims around the world say their prayers while facing the direction of Mecca
China's culture also has the achievement that it is one of those cutures which made its own language
sports
Zahir Shah Afridi is an employ in Japan's national broadcasting organization. This article of his is Japan's [.http://gmkhawar -
"For that reason, 19 August 1919 is considered to be the Independence Day for Afghanistan."
The Egyptian army made a sand wall around the river nile and started practicing there
Still the act of Ziyad's barbarism did not end there.
"Mostly, cricket play outside in a open ground."
In 1600 Ushmaniya government will come to Europe map.
Becauseof the incidents of  Manchuria war Another war had to begin
It means that fewer people go to jobs and more people are retiring.
In the different areas The Areas kings where they have taken the authority of areas to judge them on it
But the 1999 earthquake that hit both Turkey and Greece helped them to extend the hand of friendship towards each other.
18 February- starting of new year in china
"After Mikhael Tha, censorship had declined but did not finish."
Summer Olympics were held in 1964 in Japan.
"Moreover, it was the only army which utilized the services of foreign experts. Their officers were sent to the western European countries for training."
All these people were educated and prosperous.
Einstein criticized it on the basis of its philosophy
Left side most parties Leader was Jewish which in January 1919 during revolutionary partnership party was famous
136 people died in welcoming processions in suicide bombing.
Germany forces again got hold on libia but it was defeated again by bartaniya.
initial conditions
"This island covers two thirds of southern Great Britain, and to its north is Scotland and to its West is Wales."
All Rounder is that player who can do both Batting and Bowling and has good command on both
There are recreational venues such as Taif and Abha'a
the first urdu deewan of mirza galib was printed in 1254 shabaan according october 1431
"the consumer will try to get more profit and the firm view is to get , more profit on their money"
"The average annual rainfall is 5 meters or 16 feet, and ,25 cms or 10 inches of rainfall a day is a common occurrence."
You addressed at the place of Baiza.
"The post of the Prime Minister in still known as Chancellor in Germany) became. At that time, Germany's President was Paul Von Hindenburg. Hitler merged the post of Chancellor with the Presidency through the Enabling Act of 1933 after President Paul Von Hindenburg's death. This conduct of Hitler was tot"
"His mother language was Gujarati,but with the passing of time  he had  also spoke kheci,Sindhi,Urdu and English."
the duration of  general day and night is twenty four hours.
Muslims bin akkil go to Huffa.
Begining
For this three things are needed
the kernel of china army J sheng wen ordered his soldier to protect that bridge any how
this revulsion welcomed lots of troubles which is discussed above
===Section two: Erotic Education ====
"The basic thing according to neo classical theory is that the decisions regarding price, production and division of income are determined by demand and supply."
Also see
"and with combining all it became """"Linux"""" system"
Conspiracy of Jewish and Pagans.
"Similarly, Hillburg rejected all of the imaginatively and speculatively enhanced statistics."
In 2001 autonomy was announced and then after managment was founded.
Usman the second
"On 29th January, 1943, all Roman personnel were ordered to be taken out of Germany and dispatched to Auschwitz in accordance with yet another decree."
One day match continues for about seven to eight hours of one day.
on America's land this was the first step of an European
Important milestones
"Above mentioned list tells that more quantity of Real Urdu speaking people is instead of Southasia in Arab states (United Arab Emirates, Bahrain)"
"indonesia also majored with the borders of singapore, malaysia, and across the limited water stress in south and north and for Australia Philippine"
first time chemical gas used in the human history
See More
First war ( 1839-1842 ) happened at that time when Iranians combinely with people of Haraat spread their forces in whole Afghanistan to eradicate the British and russians.
10th February-Russian President Vladimir Putin has declared Americans as very dangerous while addressing the security conference at Munich and he has severe criticism on used of limitless power.
The Japanese era after 1920s remained victim of internal disturbance.
""""" In addition to Ghalib's Urdu poetry, Sayyed Alakhbar press also published some of Sayyed Ahmed Khan's books."
Therefore The Japanese Foreign Minister Shigenori Togo pressurized the Soviet Union to stay neutral in the case of Japan.
These police officers have now been given a 10 day holiday
"This case was referred to the High Court of Mumbai in 1905, in which Jinnah presided for Sir Feroz Shah and success also went to Jinnah."
porcelain
"Later, he faced Turkey and South-East Europe nations."
This harbor was very important of sending the messages against the war.
"""""The Polish state will be conquered by Germany and clean it of Polish people. And the German people will have another place where they can extend their community"""""
"Former Japanese Prime Minister, Ichiro Koizomi was criticised in this regard, who regularly visited the Yaskoni spot from 2001 to 2006"
But the disturbance between government continues
"One glimpse of cricket match, the central strip is the ‘Pitch’"
"Saudi Arabia's list of colleges, educational institutions and classes"
Act: Incidents of killing
"Today, businesses are increasingly capable of shifting capital and labour supply chains across borders"
Since China got very weak at that time so most the demands were accepted by them without any resistance and the right of Japanese in east China was accepted.
12 Meter (22 Yard) is a square is called Pitch
"Forty eight states, except Alaska and Hawaii which are connected on a same ground together forms and called Continental United states."
Explosive material found in a car in London
Al-Raazi Hospital Batalah Colony.
"Eventually, all of the parties agreed to dissolve themselves to establish one-party organization 'Imperial Rule Assistance Association', in which the political parties as well as women organizations and neighbor organizations from prefectures (areas equivalent to a district) joined in."
Newspaper: Dawn
3 people killed in an American drone attack in northern Waziristan on 18th December.
only 22 % area suitable for Cultivation.
(See the table given on right side)
Sardar Daood improved relations with Russia and India
"Australia local population which was about 350000 when european came , after 150 it goes down dramatically"
"He died at the age 63 years in the year 632 in Medina, both Makkah and Medina are included in the Hijaazi."
"the protection of secularism, democracy, and Ataturk  is its first responsibility"
Field parts
the climate is overall very hot and dry in Saudi Arabia.
The purpose was to have a promise with the country
In the burnt record there was possibly the record about government specially about corruption of Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz.
"6th July-Suicide blast near Lal Mosque, 19 people killed including 15 policemen, 49 injured."
"Upon seeing it his brothers Abbas, Abdullah, Jaffar and Othman had run towards him to rescue but all four were martyred."
after him Liyakahah ali started to rule
in he place maze the rakie mountanes are very popular but now there is one place is like this witch is coverd by atis fasane.
Now Kharasan is the part of Iran but both the regions (Afghani and Irani Kharasan) have always been connected in the history.
"Polish children were forcefully separated from their parents, and after thorough searching, those kids who were found to possess German ancestry were dispatched to Germany for nurturing where German families were given the task of bringing them up."
West ( Samatra Barat Samatra)--Padang
In this time in  1597 Hedi yoshi send almost One and a half lakhs soldiers.
But at the same time another sensible French General Galleni appeared.
"Dr Sir Allama Muhammad Iqbal (9 November 1877 till 21 April 1938)20 Century a famous poet , Writer , Legislation , Scientist , Muslim sufi and revolution Pakistan an important personality"
Sharpshooter
"Pervez Musharraf become the president, and after the elections held in 2001 Zafarullah Khan Jamali become the prime minister."
"IN 1951, Japan and America reworked the agreement and signed a new agreement on 19th January 1960. This agreement was signed in Washington DC"
"Gernamy has sixteen sates in terms of preparation(German : Lender ,opposite : Land)are divided."
H
Muhammad Ali Jinnah as a young lawyer.
Province Kermanshah
"this permission for any kind of protocol for any kind of reference , which list any notice which said that that it distribute the terms"
License of GNU
An earth quake played havoc killing more than 1000 persons. Recorded 6 on the Richter scale.
"Luckily, apart from the code, the other prerequisites of the system (compiler, editor, battery etc.) were already available due to the GNU project."
Usman first was very honoured in turk minds
jibreel ale salem from allah the first message revealed was that only
"26 September Lebanon , War end to the final level because japan has took the possession of hunoi outside gelam"
16th December-Astronomy experts of Europe have discovered the presence of water on planet which at a distance of 40 light years from earth.
But salah uddin one of the intelligent government who can takes their pictures but in all the ways
"After American rule and Tokyo Olympics, the Japenese culture rapidly started changing towards western culture"
"According to european union the population of Britain is known to be third largest in the country, which is known to be sixty."
after that Saudi implementation of government came in to existence with the hands of Shah Abdul Aziz Alsaud
"Japanese increased their attacks and they were successful in sinking american aircraft carrier Lexington and in damaging Yorktown to a great extent. However, two forces suffered heavy losses."
"Invading Mongols returned defeated, but Kamakura Shogunate was still worried about another Mongol invasion, therefore, defense was further emphasized in light of this threat."
High level includes circuits and provinces.
And reason shown like if Adolf Hitler wants to do something like that.
"War was continued, and it was not possible to force them for ceasefire and surrender yet."
There were not knowing about aindkola.
"Sea ports, streets and railway lines' construction was taken place which assisted Japanese exports to expand."
"After the death of her husband, the Prophet got married to her."
religions
External Links
"they use role playing to act out what they have created with their imagination, and at the second level they play again with their make-believe situation"
Being the VOC in 1800 finished Holland kingdoms colony were established.
the cause was shown that adolf hitler might wanted it
He got two time
"The words of famous national song also start with """"The best is India, out of whole world"""""
The young children of Romania undergoing medical experiments
On 5th April North Korea test fired a space rocket
In these colonies tension creates in between them and some times to war.
"Current district Faisalabad was part of Gujranwala, Jhanag and Sahiwal in early nineties"
"In some states, the judiciary is formed through general elections"
The Network status of this group can be judged in various ways
Ahal e sunnat beliefs that his date of birth is 12 Rabi Awwal although many scholars beliefs on 9 Rabi Awwal .
"Parliament  member Galova,he is against the war of Iraq,After"
Therefore Britain announced that it will end its rule in Palestine on 15th May 1948
"Hazrath Imam Hussein Is mudered head, before of Ibuno ziyat put."
with melting elements release of gas and glaciour bursting so with that air made initially on the earth
Status is an important idea in social stratification. Max Weber distinguishes status from social class[citation needed.
"To stop the growing influence of Germany, in the same year, 1907, another alliance was formed, called Trail Entat between Russia, France and Britain."
"US Navy had determined where, when and with what power would Japan invade."
July 17 - 18 persons killed and nearly 50 injured in an suicide bomb attack in Jakarta city of Indonesia.
Resources of Transport
Umpire stands on the same area on the outer part of the pitch.
yuvan tried to make him self as a new king but dot died before making total capture on it
On Behalf of
this war ran in the ending of september when suwait union force captured on korel island
"When Japan started to lose after the atomic attack, the Soviet attacked North Korea. Their army quickly spread to the 38th part, where Korea was aplit from"
Administrative allocation
this is not all the Japanese army raped many women and trapped them for their army's sexual satisfaction
Than alesa came with Ian Stine to america and got died in 1936
The Shiite Detribaliz
"On 18th April, as a result of national and local elections the democratic left wing party, Mother Country Party and National Action party formed a government"
"On the evening of 26 September, the battle had reached its climax, as the Japanese troops stood at the entrance to Hải Phòng capturing the Gailam Airbase."
Khoost
"As same,  hundred of scientist are also  performing  their professional services in Auob research institutes, nuclear institute of  Agriculture  Bio technology and Biological and     genetic Engineering."
When reach there in 1896 he left german citizenship
category: cities of Punjab
Galib's book Aain Akbary was written in farci.
"From Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaJump to: navigation, search """"Etymologies"""" redirects here. For the literary works by Isidore of Seville and J. R. R. Tolkien, see Etymologiae and The Etymologies (Tolkien) respectively.Not to be confused with Entomology, the scientific study of insects, or Etiology,"
This Island other than Britain and north Ireland encompass many islands of joined sea
"Casablanca Conference was held on 14th January, 1943, for ten days. Where many differences of opinion came to the fore between British and US representatives about the policies concerning Europe and Pacific Ocean."
"Your greatness said """"The reason of this lawlessness is that the advisers of the previous caliphs were people like me and my advisers are people like you"""""
"But, America had begun hidden war in order to split the group of Mujahideen into several factions."
hazrath adnan sons is called adnaan
February 24 - Fidel Castro brothers Raul Castro elected President by national assembly
People Hijaz were understandably deferred from the choice of Zubair.
"one sight of cricket match, in between white patti is called pitch"
on the requirement umpire can ask help of 3rd umpire
but how these law are used is under discussion
The export cargo of Faisalabad is growing every year.
"On 4th October a ship carrying tea was put on flames as a sign of protest against the taxes on tea. On 16th December, the stock of tea was thrown into the sea from ships"
The hard work of labor induces value in goods and their fair part is not obtained and most of the share of production and profit is taken by the investor or entrepreneur.
Category : internet
"Central western area is popular for its heavy industries, Detroit have the historical importance for the industry of American motor vehicles and Chicago is very important as per the economic as well as business point of views in its area."
today's web
this store was demolished in 1938 and hand over to non Jews Germans
Paktia
The janah in the mumbai has builded on house and after that the janah Wais has taken that house
Clock House
Taj Mahal
Category: Pakistan Languages
"Most Indonesians are descended from Austronesian-speaking peoples whose languages can be traced to Proto Austronesian (PAn), which likely originated on Taiwan."
"Lieutenant Colonel Ralph Honer, Commander of the 39th Infantry Battalion of Australian army, decided to recapture Kokuda, but didn't meet success after two days of fighting."
"A new model which is called the Salad Bowl model, every culture has combined itself into American culture, like how different vegetables make salad"
"the instructions in shumarinda, is there as machine code these sort of every instructions are given one number which is called its operation code"
Afghanistan has been a continuous victim of war and she never had any chance of economic growth.
But it was not called as Hind in that time instead it was remembered with the name of Sindh.
Pakistan's intelligence agencies arrested seven terrorists involved in 7th July London bombings from Peshawar.
Pretty much all Muslims consider these Imams as Allahs pious people however there is great popularity for
"The commander of The Imperial Japanese Navy Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto at the start of the war had declared in an emotion manner: """"It is not enough that we capture Guam or The Philippines, or even that we capture Hawaii or San Francisco; We have to go even further, we must march up to Washington and sign"
May
It was decided wise and important to arrest Imam Hussein in that stage since he was completely surrounded.
Now he is concerned about taking the travel.
"Time : In peace dewan meeting , fire rescue , main representative safety , law n order maintaing was under banichari"
"Here, there are fun places like Taif and Abha."
Due to the clashes among muslim leaders.he left India and went to England.
Chinese also got defeated two times but did not show off but became victim of Stagnation conditions.
Every two hundred meters distance there are strong security buildings for guards.
"In the period of 1950 to prepare """"people's vehicle"""" have started working day and night and also with international connections and in the period of 60 ministers have focused on this issue by which Nissan has prince motor like Toyota has henu and Diyastu has Zam"
So Imam Hussein continued his journey towards Kofah.
"In Ottomans the military reforms have been started in the period of Saleem Salis (1789-1807), who have taken the steps to make the military modern like European style."
Most of the buildings of here were made of wood even the buildings of factories were also made up of wood.
This government was also deposed.
"Sumroya are honored but there are now not important in the environment for this reason many sumroyay , zardaroon and landlords the debt and do there living"
17 died in Islamabad by the attack of chief justice in a rally
Several people killed
"If you come across anything which needs a review, then put your remark beside with appropriate course of action and make sure you forward the same to the helper, who would follow the instructions and do the needful."
Appreciate.
Category:Universe
"fried lander writes the main power near to German was their pure blood, which related to the holy place of Germany"
"Meanwhile, by the PKI's effective coup, between 500,000 and one million people were killed. General Suharto was the head of the military."
When mirza got that bottle he hazitate. then sir syed said.
In government way their is no religion of australia
7 May - 10 soldiers and 22 militants were killed in a skirmish in Swat.
4th August - North Korea's President Kum Jang Al after meeting the former American president Bill Clinton forgave two American journalists who were arrested after their illegal entrance into North Korea and were sentenced to 12 years imprisonment
December
Blue: Those countries where English is official language.
Yazid instructed his Governor Walid in Medina to force Hussain to pledge allegiance to Yazid but could not do so. But Marwan ibn Al-Hakkam was forcing him to take oath.
S:
this government is depend on congress system person's democracy which has powers through IN
So many groups of past were united with Han group and become the face of china due to which there was dramatic increase of people in Han group
December 2006 (when the original article was written) Iraq's war of freedom was on going.
"The attacks, and subsequent travel warnings issued by other countries, severely damaged Indonesia's tourism industry and foreign investment prospects."
The countries central territory comprises primaly of vast stretches of desert
Birth and early life.
"till 1996 the word internet was famous,but according to this word which is consist on the world"
29th November
"B-29 reached  Kora on its first task, that time smoke and fog surrounded 70% of the surrounding areas and the city could not be seen clearly because of the cloudy sky."
"If there is no part in the document named as """" history """" , then make it and put in it topic of the document, year , writers and publishers ,describe all as given on the cover page, then as described in the previous sentence , include the same details for the modified version."
"In Occupied Poland on the roads of the city to put the citizens of Poland on lines, to have them circle the city and then send them to Germany via train, was the normal business of Nazi armies."
8 persons killed in north Waziristan from the attack on the same day.
Foreign issues
"British government had passed a law (Navigation Act)in 1960,in which the trade with Colonizes bounded according to own interests."
Khamis Mushet (Situated at Western Arab and Military Development center )
Sino Japanese War which lasted from 1937 to 1945 (part of the 2nd world war) forced the Nationalist and Communist parties to unite
consequenses of this war was many  great muslinm leadres ended.
There religion was also the same as the leaders
"In 2002 President George W. Bush during the speech to nation, he declared evilness centers are Iraq, Iran and North Korea and said these countries are dangerous to America and its unities."
11th January
"According to official numbers in China, the deathdoll was 300,000, whereas Japanese historians have it between 100,000- 200,000"
"jamia islamis aid, Faisalabad: built in ramzan 1403 as 1983, by shaik ul hadees maulana nazeer ahmed under the guardian ship of his shaikh Dr. abdullah Aarfi"
mahtraan
May 16 - One more drown attack killed 25 in waziristan
"The photographer Alfred Stieglitz (1864-1946), and the two artists Charles Demyth (1883-1935) and Maurice Dean Hartley (1877-1943) made a name for America regarding performing arts."
"Not only till America bomb Tokyo constantly but also targeted many other cities, where not only did army personnel but a large number of civilians also lost their lives"
"When only one player remains for batting, means other players can't bat because of any reason."
Allowed to masna lathief
Later Elisa came to America with Einstein where she died in 1963.
"But on the insistence of his mother, he got married to the daughter of a ditant relative, Ami bai who was 2 years younger to him, before leaving for Britain"
"Many soldiers who could bear to what this sad moment, committed suicide, and many killed more than 100 American prisoners of war on the 15th and 16th of August"
"Jinnah in young age, in one traditional suit"
.
According to this agreement Japan agreed to pay stipend to the public of the Allied Countries as well as the Prisoners of War
"But many of its regions were indeed independent during the English era, and Britain never managed to occupy it completely."
"As American air attacks were usually done with large fleets therefore this did not raise too many alarms and the siren for the end of emergency was played. As it is the bombing used to take place at night, and now it was morning, therefore people did not feel any danger"
Category : Countries
This was first attack on British army after 1997
The freedom of Bait ul Muqadas was Salahuddin Ayub's greatest achievement.
It is said that an Irani engineer named Isa Shirazi designed the blue prints but in the kings biography it is written that Shah Jehan himself designed it.
19 July-
Cricket ground divides into two parts.
0. tamhid
33rd G-8 conference in Germany
Document can be the part of this too.
"For this it was necessary that the Japenese borders should spread far and wide so that no foreign attack could be launched on Japan, and this would result in the economic growth of the country"
"Israel chose the word """"Soh"""" in order to explain the term """"Holocaust"""". This term was ratified by the Israeli Legislative Assembly - which is also known as """"Alkanisat"""" - on 12th April, 1951, and also allowed it to be celebrated as a national day."
Basically it is used to transmit streaming videos.
What is judgment of forcing the change of religion?
"its covers human economy thinking, in which the desire of human being are more, and source get success to win that"
Nawab Baqsh khan has asses pension from British to Mirza'a family
"A few months after reaching London, he quit his job and started studying law. He obtained a degree in law in 1895 and at the age of 19 became the youngest person from India to get a law degree from England"
scholar's view about qaied-e-azam
"If the 'unmodified' portions in a document could not be identified, then it would be considered as their non-presence."
"In between April 25, 1945 and June 26, 1946 Members of fifty countries held conference in San Fransisco America"
Usmanian kingdoms
In 1942 America's communication center was attacked.
"In March 1782, the British Parliament accepted America's self-governance."
along with other human necessities and with other things in Pakistan this is also under development
"After the journey, Khadija's slave, maseera told her about the prophets faithfulness and honesty"
before dying he said some historical word: i regret that i have only one life to give my nation
Some time the whole group was weaker than samoraya
then he gather all and  said who ever wants to go they can move!
"Translation :( in some one's writing ) in the content (cancellation, dictation cutting, crossing etc )before publishing (by pen ) addition or (content's ) new look up ( giving sequence )and for that giving instructions."
Divan
He was belong to most respected tribe of Quraysh Arab Banu Hashim.
"Queen became suspicious and demanded the facts from the God of Hachi Minh, he responded that a Bhikshoo could never be emperor as his lineage is not one for the emperor."
Official language is English and it's tone is specific Australian.
Expert of American navy bombs
"In some of these countries, there are even laws against freedom of expression like Australia, Germany and Romania where offensive talk and speech is prohibited, which is mostly enforced in the case of holocaust."
National Flower -Yasmin
Olympic Melbourn of 1956 was organised in Australia.
After this the the advancement of Germans have stopped and until next four years some times Germans advanced and some time French.
"Now here G means a special part , which are given below"
At last Japanese think that the king's of china were also died but they did not left their palace that's by stopping this culture capital was established in 710 A.d in Nara
first chinese government oan kingship period start from in year 221 when the leadership start
Choung guva
"It is the country of many old nations such as Hispania, Catalan and Basque"
It's intensity on reactor scale was 6.
"May 16, 25 people died in a drone attack by America in North Waziristan"
Newspaper: Business Recorder
Water has covered the earth
"20th of February,"
"In this way in the land of china many came into existence in them four vital things are Paper,Libraries,Dianamities are their."
"Six million Jews died in the Holocaust, which means that 60 to 70 percent of total Jewish population was expended."
Chapter 4: Urban Manners
Russia and Belarus are now a part of the Union of Russia
Now the country was known as Nihon instead of Wok
After independence the country's official name was india
have 508 Ireland
may be syed ali was said to mohmmed to keep news paper its reson to keep news paper
Pakistan's national parks
Category: Islamic democracies
"29 planes rose into the air, among whom 279 planes dropped 1700 tons of bombs."
"Besides this like the Union Jack, the eight markets are also joined together by the circular road"
"about other three daughters some historian consider that they were his (PBUH)own daughters, some are have believe that they were the daughters of Hazrat Khadija ex husband and some are also wrights that the other daughter were the daughters of Hazrat Khadija sister Hamala who's were under nourishment by"
Kun or Chun kingship has unite the chinese written form and given them a status of King
12 March-In one America's drone attack krem agencies 24 persons were died
in baharath 29 000 urdu news papers are printed
Georgia
Prophet Miqdad bin Asood
you want this documents to ape more or change or divide you can not use technical things to stop it or to change it
Relations with Muslim countries
"before war Nazi in Germany was law against Jews,Nazi was Germany's generative thinking and law which is Nimburg"
"Indonesia's national aim, """"Bhinneka Tunggal Ika"""" (""""unique in Nanavedita"""" literally, """"right now more than one,"""") its variety that country articulates faces better."
Apart from this on the islands of Midway different kinds of war plane were placed.
Topic: International Economy
The Holy Quran
this letter of Ghalib and in that the preference of Syed Ahmed letter show the relationship between them with this letter we came to know that with Ghalib's letterSyed Ahmed khan's one send one Natiya Masni
Date Of Issue(logo)Made of Robert Cailliau.WWW.
Ibrahim the first
In this process Lt.General Takeshi Mori of the Imperial guard was killed.
"Abdulla bin Zyed said that You do your work of Kalifsm being in Mecca, we all are with you."
July 15
Ball strikes the wicket either by touching the bat or any other thing or go directly
Hazrat Imam mosa kazim
This visit is been held right after the meeting of some of the Muslim countries in Pakistan.
- February 630) is when this war happened
The announcements to shift the Turkish script from Arabic towards Latin and the embracing of Secularism were prominent.
"all were used for national expenses for tax, produce tax"
Einstein was a vocal supporter of the development of the State of Israel
When one batsman got out he leaves the ground and to his replacement new batsman came
Initial conditions
"But as a great poet and philosopher, the nation would always be obliged to him."
during Japanese also fired and it was listened from far
micro economic;in this economics studied in numbers.in which population industries etc are detailed
"so many documents have grown up from economics who have created their own place like finance,business,system"
"In the beginning, Sultan presided over the Divan himself, but the later Sultans ceased to appear in the Divan, and the system weakened due to Sultan's lack of communication with the politically aware people."
30 March - The American Government will give Afghanistan 40 million dollars for its Afghan elections
Japenese aircraft that were used in November 1941 were kept in great condition
Only one person survived.
30th August - Japan's Opposition group party got a clear success by taking 308 seats as compared to Ruling party's 119
Pakistan's ambassador called up in the Foreign Ministry in Tehran concerning the bomb blast in the Iranian city of Zahidan
Ruler of Dubai Sheikh Muhammad bin Rashid Almaktoom has announced the donation of ten billion dollars to an education institution of Middle east.
35 people arrested for the courtroom suicide attack in the Pakistani city of Quetta
On 7th June one Japane submarine came and open fire on a uss guest which was divided in two parts.
External links.
"On 8th of December 1941, the American Congress declared war on Japan"
in their views Economic changes are not difficult and to implement them so many problems can come
Some experts linguists consider Urdu and Hindi as two standards of same language.
"Armenian Revolutionary Federation established the Armenian Republic by the end of 1917, which consisted of the survivors of the Armenian Massacre."
"Afghanistan still depends upon the foreign aid, and the foreign exchange reserves were only about $500 million in 2006."
"6 July - Suicide attack near Red Mosque, 15 killed including police men, 49 injured."
"In its centre, where the 8 streets come and meet, the famous watchtower is standing"
11 August - 10 people died in a US drone attack in South Waziristan.
"in 1908 All female placental mammals have a uterine lining that builds up when the animal is fertile, but is dismantled (menstruated) when the animal is infertile"
Inside the America there are such many harbor branches which used for exporting and importing goods from other country.
Gilgit Baltistan
HAzrat Ali got to know of the opposers plans as he joined them in medina
Everything was melting because of heat.
February 26
"In occupied poland, civilians were lined up in the streets, made to walk around the city and then sent them to Nazi Germany as a normal activity"
The European traders and Chistians had to face problems when the locals fought against each other
1st June.
"George Washington was a great leader of America. """"First in war, first in peace, first in the hearts of his countrymen."""" is a famous quote attributed to him."
In 1910 Punjab irrigation system the most old and famous lower chenab constructed
Her end is not known.
"The Culture of India has been shaped by its long history, unique geography, diverse demographics and the absorption of customs, traditions and ideas from some of its neighbors as well as by preserving its ancient heritages, which were formed during the Indus Valley Civilization and evolved further durin"
This place is in yellow stone park way in omumangand its alsoknown as super walkano.
"In the land of Afghanistan Gold, Silver, Coal, Copper, Bronze, Chromite, Zink, Sulfur, Iron, precious stones and Salt founds."
Maruvan Says about this valid to very angry for that persons.
"for leadership western helped was taken, and army was given new look and preparations and those samurai who tried to be fight was given defeat"
so many linguistic groups was dissolved in to side groups due to this their name was not known
And there was massive loss because of bombardment by allied forces on factories.
Category:Countries
all these civilizations have left a great effect on the current civilization of Pakistan.
It is one of the few places in the world where the temperature rising above 50 degrees celcius (120 degree farenheight) is a normal thing
The Generals of the warring nations had died and were no longer in the world
With an example consumer are forced to use the mail box service of a company yahoo was only option which give only 5 mb mail box to there consumers
According to him the true way to get freedom is to use weapons of law and regulations.
"Another important aspect about these branches is that they they're conditional, which means that different sequences of instructions could be utilized in such a way that their functions and results could be made conditional with previous analysis and calculations or with any foreign event."
Ongolan  became one of the members in OPEC.
The pride and prestige of the Muslims were destoyed and for three days it had become a trading center of killing and looting.
"This river start from north and move all the way from frontier,Punjab and sindh and goes to the river"
Substitute player
"On 3rd March 1947, on the principal agreement of the creation of Pakistan and Lyalpurs inclusion into Pakistan resulted in the Muslims there praying to God for thanks and distributing sweets"
Helping Map
Zabir bin Qais was fixed on right side and Habib bin Mather was fixed on left side and endowment flag to his brother Hazrat Abass.
Khadija happenned to be a successful business woman of that time.
Officers were actually having good money and was responsible any questions.
Category: Countries of Islamic Conference Organization
3rd January.
Towards its North are Chiniot and Nankana Shah districts
At the end of the over the other bowler bowls from the other side of the wicket.
A weakness in the Australian economy is considered to be the lack of exportable items
national poet: hakeen ul ummat hazrat ghulam Muhammad Iqbal
Further affectees
Adolf Hitler
A web has wishes founded in 1980 while a British Tim Berners-Lee has created an initial plan named ENQUIRE which than became a basic of web
"Where Hitler was an intelligent politician, also his economic reforms gave Germany economic power and Prosperous to German in his early years of rule, this economic development was also became the biggest reason of Hitler's popularity."
the head of army is called general
February 18
Childhood
In 1538 Khairudin defeated the Europe very badly.
In america tourism is the big industry and in 3rd place in the world
The control of government was in the hands of military instead of public representatives.
Next year he successfully passed the entrance exam of ETH.
"Thereafter German's as their scheme of attack, which is called Schlieffen plan and which was lying prepared since 1905."
moksha has prime in all of that
"As a result, European Union made Cyprus its member in its divided form on First May."
"After speaking to him, I realized that Jinnah is not only a constitutional person but also a revolutionary one."
i'm swinging in my swing just so swiftly so get lik me i got money in my pocket and i flaunting it! yay
Chinese leader Deng Zyaweng and Japan's prime minister Fakuda Tako have signed on this agreement like this friendship was happen between Asia's two biggest powers
"Because of the agricultural university and the Ayub Agricultural institute, this city is popular in all of Pakistan"
In the decade of 1970 the army captured the command again after dissociated when coalition governments failed to bring peace and order in the country in 1980.
In pakistaan different kinds of music can be seen
"Besides there administrations, Japan's two big cities Hinaosaka abd Tokyo Osaka"
Imam-e- Hussein gathered his small force
"He was extremely fond of reading and in his time of Government, he also worked on the development of different arts"
in 1637 near Nagasaki thousand's of Christians have blood shed because Portugal openly support this
normally the king of time has all the powers but the main power of taking decision keeps its employees as they use the army for their safety and from some other aspects
"Iranian security force Revolutionary has claimed to killed 17 extremists, who entered in Iran for sbutaz business near boundary line of Iraq and Turkey."
kofan period
He met with him at Zami Hasham point.
July
January 8th
Turkic sign the security of the country people.
"On 3rd July 1912, Usmani Empire established its Air Academy which was used to develop and train it aircrafts and piltos"
Provinces.
"Nazis' special squad, Sonder Commando, which was responsible for disposing the corpses during Holocaust. Alberto Irera took this picture in August 1944, it is now found in the Auschwitz Burg Museum, Poland."
Javed Chaudhary
on 8 January 1926 Abdul Aziz ibne Saud was declared king
One day innings end when all ten batsman are out or 50 overs completed
This non straightening affect on electric magnetic waves
At about the age of 25 he undertook his second journey to Syria in connection with the trading caravan of Hazrat Khadija Alhe As Salam.
"English is a wide language which spoken throughout the world including England, which spoken as an official language in several countries."
During free fall the force that the observer experiences is exactly the same as gravity.
Incidents
category: Europe
from 1986
"In early 1922, Hitler had allegedly then told one his journalist that"
Allama Iqbal and spirituality and Sufism
"Now US army started planning a landing on Japanese soil, and Okinawa was initially chosen for this purpose."
"this scorer records the personal score of each player, overs and extra score in a specific book and inform to Umpire whenever needed."
"He was so interested in the holy war that once he was wounded that he could not eat properly. Still, even in that condition he was enthusiastically engaged in holy war."
"7 September - A British court announced punishment for three Pakistani origin British citizens Abdullah Ahmad, Tanweer Hasan and Asad Sarwar for the crime of plotting to destroy a ship"
"the government of Osmani's again high is goes to the son Muhammad first of Bayazid he has good manners who is known as """"Muhammad Chalbi"""" in Turkey"
Einstein largely resided in Germany during the four year war.
Hazrat Imam ali Raza
commission for identity
"Chinese also introduce so much musical instrument like zahang , chan , shang , zayao and arao , pipa"
Zaidi
"In west with Turkey and Iraq, on the borders  there are a number of series of mountains."
Health
25th September- America and its allies Britain and France threatened Iran of sanctions regarding its Atomic (nuclear) sites.
the Allys force was very alert on that Japanese attack and the moment Japanese force went from its limits the abdooz of Allys force gave this information to the commander
"by the growing power of U.S.A they started buying new states like portorico, Philippine , which was bought after the war of Spain and America"
At that time Muslims were extremely powerful but remember this time Muslims was not came the preparation of war
Robert Solo.
Jamia Mosque Madni Batala Colony
"At the end of the innings of both the teams, the team with most runs called winner."
initial life
Upon wide ball also batsman can not be out by catch or LBW.
"the sign on the japan defeatwith  japan, america, suwait union, china austria, canada, france, holland and newzeland"
"Because of war and migration, Afghani's now understand Urdu really well."
or else great iqbal was accepted as a scholar
Heritage
"Names of geographical locations have also been made from English, Velandri, French, German, Spanish and local American words"
There are some poems of Saleem I available in Persian Language.
Hussian S/O Ali of Islam had 72 companions with him in which there were 18 members from Ahle-Bait.
"In past test match have been played for up to three, four and six days also."
He created the law of there area by himself and fully independant on war and piece with there neighbours
this warranty announcements will accepted on this permission notice but if this warranty is changed on this condition which cannot be practiced and there will no effect on that permission notice
Politics
Islamic governance was based on Parliament.
Around 238 Chinese business man started business.
This wicket will be credited to both bowler and wicket keeper.
category: jaalini culture
There is no particular specification for its length and breath.
"The writer of """"Jinnah of Pakistan"""", Professor Stanley , University of California, America, writes in his book's foreword -"
the economic views of Marcus
"Like Test and one day cricket, Twenty 20 cricket also began in England"
UNICEF main headquarter is on Newark.
"I say long live to him."""""
For its more help one Special political party is also there.
Then he went to skies to meet God.
Employment rate increased rapidly and construction work was done on a large scale.
"All of them were under the subjugation of British government, and belonged to the same race as the rulers."
"To the north of Europe is the North Sea, to its West is the Atlantic Ocean, to its South is the Roman Sea and to its South East joining the Roman sea and the Mediterranean Sea are the Tyrahennian Seas"
76% of Spanish people are christians
"The constitution promises freedom, and with it the rights are also specified. Other changes include the freedom of speech, religion, freedom of press, neutral court activity, keeping weapons and their usage, right to vote and rights of the poor"
he got the name of shah najd on 29 january 1927
See mazeed
Hawal jahn
"Many western institutions were sought for guidance, and the army was modernized. The Samurais who tried to rebel were defeated by the army."
"Japan requested for acceptence into Indo China and an agreement was signed between Waichi French and Japan on 22nd September 1940, according to which Japan was allowed to construct its stations and trade goods"
Hazrat Amar Bin Yasir (R.A)
919.
"Admiral Fletcher,the Commander of US task force 17 wanted to keep his force hidden from enemy eyes and counter attack only after he had commenced his operations."
haul-in duck one professor from tenniam write a language named minix which was like UNIX but was very limited
this is consist on 730 words which was from the state madina
"Rival soldiers cut off Japenese satellite contact, surrounded them and started back to back attacks"
most people are indonesian wisterownesia pollan wall peoples
"However, the speed of light would be the same (approximately) for all observers."
"Nagasaki treaty due to which, Japan agreed to provide financial assistance to China to acquire industrial factories and China was allowed to open its trade mission in Tokyo"
Taking advantage of the same influence the English also made an agreement with Afghanistan on the issue of borders.
One of these letters is kept in the Topkapi museum in Turkey
Internal relations.
Now the bartania has again come back to that to fight in the court The lawyers have also came to fight there cases.
batsman came out to bat in specific order
Category:Al-Ballad areas of Pakistan
"The Japenese stratey was quite complicated because according to intelligence, America only had 2 aircraft carriers, U.S.S Enterprise and U.S.S. Homant left, as the remaining aircraft carrier, USS Lexington, was destroyed in the Coral war whereas USS Yorktown was badly damaged. Japan thought it had sunk"
Faisalabad is located in North Eastern part of province of Punjab (Pakistan) 120 Kilometers away from Lahore in West direction.
Czech
1878 to 1880 World War when it was time to AMIR SHER ALI Undoubtedly the British embassy in Kabul to be allowed
The announcement came even as the CAG stepped into the picture to conduct assessment of various projects related to the CWG with .
Now the Chinese tactic was to continue the war for long enough so that America could join them
General Assembly's options and responsibilities are wide.
"The new countries formed as a result of the end of Ottoman Empire, their number at this time  (including north democratic turkey, Qabras) amounts to 40."
"major agricultural items including palm oil, rice, tea, coffee, herbs and rubber"
ally force still in Iraq
Empire was divided into below countries
Urdu in India
"In the 1990 of United States, students are offered the opportunity to take the 46 usually in their junior year of high school. Not only does it help them to prepare for the SAT later on"
The sunnan and qasnathi and some other people has created more mosques
tells about qaide azam
"Japan's 8000 strong army attacked and dethroned the emperor on 8th June 1894, and made the Japanese allied party as the rulers"
"was the first person to sign and after that the chief or army general staff, general yoshi gero omizo and on 3rd number american general duglas mac arthor was there"
it is 2 innings format and played for 5 days
when asked she told that Now prophet Muhammad came in to his dream.
Province Ardabil
.this was the period Iraq started devloping
was believed to be a area of biggest sea
Kazakhstan.
This revolt created a lot of difficulties for the imam rule
"It's evolution held in South Asia during the empire of Delhi and Mughal from the impact of Persian, Arabic and Turkish on Hindi."
Britain
This is also your money
On 17th October allied forces started cleaning the war tunnels and started moving towards the many small islands around Laiti
In 1602 dutch east India (VOC) company established and became the powerful for Europe.
Much more priority given to be physically fit.
"In Captured Poland,standing the civilians in rows on the  roads of the city,taking round of the city and after that sending them Germany by train these were the routines of Nazi's armies."
Most of net works Give to that that not know to web page use to internet.
in that result bangladesh came into existence
You first read our instructions and strategy
Farah
"HAzrat zuvariya resider of al harriya ,a priosner of khyber is plced"
"Both the states are trying to be called themselves as """"China"""""
"As per Asia Pacific Journal, from 1948 to 1950, there were 27,000, who had been the sympathizers of socialists, removed Government school teachers, University Professors and Private Companies."
"23 June - Nawaz Sharif disqualified for by -election, protest through out the country."
Additional software and tools like phpmyadmin
Due to the Floods the transport of the injured ones had become impossible from the affected roads.
Pakistani Supreme court passed verdict on legal petitions of former prime minister of Pakistan Nawaz Sharif and his brother Shahbaz shareef.
"In the decade of 1980 after the Iran Iraq war the relations between both countries never normalized, however on Iraq's issue Iran announced to be neutral, although Iran criticized on the military action, but Iran announced that Iran will stay out of the issue."
In any case the reasons for this explosion remain disputed till today.
"Hali states that Ghalib performed this particular journey during the era of Nawab (Count) Yousaf Ali Khan, Wali-e-Rampur (Duke of Rampur). According to our knowledge, Ghalib's stay at Rampur during Nawab Yousaf Ali Khan's era lasted between 27th January, 1860, to 17th March, 1860 AD, and he stayed for a"
Its reason is huge quantity of non residents of India and Pakistan there
Roman characters book
These experts wanted a programme like Unix to be used on computers
This was the main important period of the arms control which was came in 23-rd November 1836.
Australia is one happy and western cultural country
"In this conference, it was also  accepted that SOviet Union will be helped against Sisely and Italy."
Galib guided the Muslims from these way that if the Muslim follow the same they can be treated has a very good sects.
Zahir Shah Afridi
Google this tradition is still continued
"According to our current knowledge this measurements are correct most possibly, but on the basis of more research there can also be changing in them."
Topic: Countries of Indian Ocean
the most cultivated soil is located beside these rivers
On 2nd July this appeal was approved and on 4th July declaration of independence were signed
"volunteer group which are spreaded through out the world but linked with internet and user net , and with the purpose has leadership of experts"
European council
29 first attack on towards this city and around 70 area there was smoke and it was hazy the city view was not clear
Wonderful
"that times Japanese prime minister konoye's kingdom decided to take under the areas of  the Chinese with capital Nanjing, north and east beaches"
It is also known that Hitler was a very good painter
English is wide language that is spoken in England and the whole world which is spoken as primary language in many countries.
Ladies dress are so that full body is covered.
"Alin is one of the minix which was like Uyonkas, But he was very proud."
"During the time of decline, Ottoman Empire supported Germany, and finally met its end after defeat."
Bottom width is twenty five  feet and upper width is twelve feet.
"It is usually called Russia, which is wrong."
There was on a very big scale attack that Japan surrenderer.
So this is not neccessary that the document must be the same what is the saved?.
"People who consider Urdu their mother language, do not accept Hindi as their mother language, and just like that -"
"When the area's Japenese soldier was unable to give a report to his Regiments Commander, Major Kyonao Aichiki got suspicious that his soldier had fallen into the hands of the Chinese"
"This is a free Wiki, i.e. anyone can edit any topic by clicking on the link 'Edit this Page'"
Sar liel see that majar Lain poor cities admin to go.
Muslim reign till Ahmed Shah Durrani (Abdali) (From 642 to 1747)
Montenegro
one third of the Senate is elected every two years
"The mastering of wet-field rice cultivation as early as the eighth century BCE, allowed villages, towns, and small kingdoms to flourish by the first century CE."
Parliament
"However, before his departure to Britain, he was married with a distant relative named 'Emmi Bai' - who was two years younger than him - upon his mother's pressurization."
Ahl-e-Tashe thinks that 17 Rabi-ul-Awwal is correct.
It rains very less in Saudi Arabia however sometimes valleys are flooded due to heavy rain.
This rebellion was also done with the help of Russia
Province Hamdan
"Ghalib has shown Muslim the way towards such direction, which if Muslims had followed they would have been among the great powers today."
the support was full on the democracy china from international after 1949
All these revolutionaries in spite of knowing this signed on agreement and their punishment will be in the form of arrest and death.
"On 25 December, Pakistan airforce performs airstrikes on terrorist bases in Orakzai leaving 10 terrorists dead"
Category: Ancient ruins.
Records say that Hazrat Umm Habibah had never let her father Abu Sufiyan to sit on the mat of the Prophet for he was a non-believer at that time.
"Trustiness to country,tribe,religon,own and more than independence are so important for afghans"
"during his meeting Nehru told Iqbal,, you are the leader in the Muslims, and wont it be proper if you took the leadership into your hands"
If you want to view a new article which we don't have then you can make an addition to list of requested articles page.
"business groups,through internet exchange units will do and investigate it they have their own respect"
Drugs comission
Perhaps for Japan it would be an easy task to take the reigns in their control by challenging them
one day match first time played in between England's local teams in 1963
instead of it they prefer to be one side
"For information, the entire western area of EurAsia is called Europe"
"women's dress is decorated with tribal pearls, coins, metallic threads and other stuffs."
"In 1945, Shah Abdul Aziz Al Saud started a vast programme to establish school in the Kingdom."
on the main page the changed version the publisher name as say
General know how
Famous qawal Badar Mian Dad died Friday's morning at 45 years of age.
and make realize that this power will nit be used for individual avail but for others
Era: Third century AD
"Even though literacy rates are low, but the religious education of Quran and poetry, especially Persian poetry plays a significant role in developing their thoughts in life"
"Those who hadn't migrated, kept occupied by the war."
Faisalabad airport
He gives sermon on Beza point.
From 1609 to 1617 the Valendizi inhabitants inhabited in the areas of New York and New Jersey.
Allama obtained his early education in Sialkot and did matriculation from Mission High School and passed F.A exams from Murray College.
"Attempts were made in 1974 to bring a treaty between Japan and China but, due to some difference of opinions, it got delayed."
"Einstein went on working as a temporary teacher, till in June 1902 he got the job in the patent office of the Bern city in Switzerland"
"England moved up the pecking order because of the larger number of silverware won, but as has been the custom in these Games the country's marksmen responded in splendid fashion to draw India back on level terms in gold medal tally."
kamasutra is historical knowledge which is about human coupling
"There was a ban on marraige of Polish people, getting any sort of medical treatment. This ban was also enforced in Germany for polish people. And slowly slowly, all Polish people will be eliminated"
"So after this Muhammad Kaiser became Rome and this alias describes his wish of capturing the Rome by the Osmaani’s. And by this motto they went to the Italia in 1480 B.C and captured the Apulia and Otrando cities but in 1481 B.C, along the death of Muhammad Fateh the wish of winning the Island Italia wa"
145 square kilometer (442 square miles)with some area.
This license agreement of aggregate documents does not govern other documents which have their own licenses.
Under arrest.
Dangers zone of Sumatran.
Province Khorasan Rizvi
"5% follow the Christianity, in which protisnt, Catholic, Mourmin and other christian trends are included."
The false propaganda was spread in Iraq after bartaniya's blasted.
"When the attacking airjet reached the boundary where it was supposed to get ready for attack after removing the safety pin from the atom bomb, it was known during the same time that one defending jet bug sting was lost."
country's music also reached here with being many branches
In the starting only 9 Muslims were appointed.
"Britain and France played no role, because those countries were embroiled in their own economic and political problems. Whereas USA was desperately fighting the international depression."
Iran and its provinces (Urdu map)
"between american soldiers and japanese. philipine island leti, samar and in near lozon in water from 23 to 26 october 1994 war leti was fought"
Police were called on massive level
"According to this agreement, Japan agreed to compensate the common citizens and former POWs belonging to the Allied nations."
Law and Experience
Category: German Personalities
"In one day match one innings ends when ten players gets out, or fifty overs bowled."
The prisoners were sending to the fields to look after the cultivation.
"if the former publisher adds the thing in that so you cannot make that change in adqaam there is only one copy is required, and can be copied more and non developed parts"
"The decision was reached that the target should be more than 3 meters in diameter, should spread devastation decisively and this assault for military gains shouldn't be executed before August."
"It is a shrine of Shintoism, and commemorates the souls of those people who served, or died in action for the Japanese Empire during the years 1867 to 1951."
From 2007
"In 1624, New Netherlands was established in the areas of Albania and New York"
In some Indian schools Urdu is teached as basic language and exams will be conducted in Urdu language.
Millions of people greeted.
Daikundi
and the death got famous of amir maviah in madinah
"As a result of the pressure exerted by both of the opposition parties as well as other parties in the ruling coalition, along with the resignations, Turk Parliament had to make the decision to hold new election on 3rd November, 2002, 18 months ahead of schedule."
On the second day Umar bin Saad reached there with 6 thousand soldiers.
From second world war to 2000 around 60 lac people foriegner came
In Islam all the good habits does not stop any one in doing the business.
Demographics
World wide website from b+log = blog
"It is said that Gulab Khan belonged to the same family responsible for the construction of Taj Mahal in Agra, India."
toss winning captain can choose to bat or bowl first.
Jakarta --Jakarta
"After getting the war message, most of them fled and took shelter in secured places."
hazrat abuzar gaffari was the person from outside mecca who accepted islam first
The historians came to know  that there was correspondence from 1897 to 1903 between mileva and Einstein.
When agreement San Francisco took place the Japanese had  Restore autonomy and it was declared as one independent State.
every state will have two centers which is elected for six years stately
"In the past test matches were played for four, or even six days."
Death in the time of Marg Ambuva.
that time economics was seen as a different lesson but in before 1876 many buyers and written about economics like thomas munn international business which is from 16th century
Current chairman of google.
Amanullah Khan ran away to Kandhar first and he tried to create military but he failed and then he ran away to India.
Six of them are generals and one of them are carnaql
Indonesia 17.
according to aaine akberi the against of galib is some thing clear near to us that before this incident galib wrote the history of mogul titled mahar neem roz
Several people martyred
Category: Indian personalities
the other accent of modern languages are not written except highly kentoz which is used as UN traditional
"This decision had far-reaching effects, and within a few years, Japan became the world's sixth largest vehicle manufacturing country."
Their belief is that Prophet of Allah has
A formal apology was made to the Japan and it was granted the right to establish security posts manned by its own security guards for the protection of their diplomatic staff at Seoul.
united states constitution in the most superior in american system and this is also social agreement which is among american citizen and there government
with migration Islamic calendar introduce
Japan's overseas wars
Chapter 4: Start friendship with former lover
"After losing the area of Belo Ocean, this meaning held more significance"
therefore it is quoted that prophet(p.b.u.u) gave a small bottle with full of clay to his wife hazrat umme salma and said this is the very soil where my grand son will be sacrificed
In the japan on the 8th century was made a functin.
Students and Labor union have started opposing in a big manner all over the country
Those areas which management have special rules
"The most painful events among them took place in the then Chinese capital of Nanjing, where Japanese army ruthlessly massacred common citizens."
before reaching kofah people is started taking agency.
In May 1942 some discrimination act declared for Roam's people like Jews.
in 16 century there were three famous leaders who played important role to unite the country
Now they got more rights than before and it was made essential for the royal court to take the acknowledgement from Kamura's government for every work
(Look at: Ataturks corrections)
Uniform Inertial frame of reference is felt while we are in emotion and subsequently it is disturb.
Sun color is white and it showed a little yellow
However these statistics prepared by Hilberg are considered to be incorrect as it only includes those deaths which were officially recorded
"Neither father left nor son, Neither mother left nor daughter."
Website protocols
Chinese are using decimal digits system since 14th century BC.
wives of Prophet(p.b.u.h) and children
Who presented the picture of Pakistan and gave Muslims of teh subcontinent a hope to cling onto
muslim shahuda in numbers 14
12 meters (22 yards) which is called a pitch
Zumra and poet nadhuvisdani
"8th of January, Famous Sindhi Poet Anwar Pirzada died."
They called spin bowlers.
CATEGORY:HISTORY OF INTERNET
"If a client returns to a web page, then it might not be necessary to once again receive data from the server according to the above-mentioned procedure."
that time the age of huzur was 40
A poetic review of Aain e Akbari
But in the america's Museum this number is at least 2.20 thousand but the actual number was 5 lakhs.
"In 1997 president name is Kathmi,when he came in to force all the countries like Iran developed the relation."
sanan bin anas drove an aim and he fell
There possible alternate abdul majeed 1876 to 1909 with the condition became king that they remain the king which he implemented in 1876
Forcefully Muslim Bin Aqil had to take rescue in a old woman house but woman's son in greed of prize himself informed Ibne Ziyad.
Quality modern are used in natural eduction and are taught in all schools
10 February - Russia president Valdemar potan  announced that America is very dangerous and controverted it on its power on the world
First time it goes to non army president to non army person
"The American Naval Ship U.S.S Arizona, exploded in a bomb attack and all 1100 crew members died"
Pakistan air force killed 10 terrorists in Aurakzai by air striking terrorist sites on 25th December.
their aim is to bring new way conjectures and to get its formula ans then with care fully take the axioms ans to make them good and prove
"Watsiana thinks, as written in Kamasutra, sex is an important part of life, but not an axis of life."
Category : Mathematics
Pakistan movement
Pakistan prime minister Mustafa jatoi died on November 20
"Sir Syed kept quiet and due to this, the obstruction that was seen from the past few years came to an end, Mirza stayed their for one to two days then came to Delhi."
Means of transportation
on 18 June Sham's general Oshmi Jema Japanese vice chief of staff Kuwanib tura seru and 10 area armani on Taiwan's commanders send to Ando rikichi one message in which some poetic words were also there
Daikandi
"on link the client program which is called web browser, the information links gets from web pages or with servers to computer files"
"On the pre-dawn of 29th July 1942 at around 2 am, an elite force consisting of 500 Japanese soldiers attacked the Australians with heavy machine guns thus invading the Kokoda runway."
"16th of May,"
category: Europe
"By the year 1580, he had united most of the central Hanshu."
Translation is regarded as a branch of change. Perhapsyou can divide the translation of documents under the terms of division no:4
"Which, at that time, was pretty far away from the central government of Kyoto and was not under tight control."
References
Cyprus problem
majar hakkim akkim mia mia muhammad deen sea road.
and in baher-ul-kahel American and Austrakian Army under the mastership of mic Arthur started war on the place of newgini
TCP/IP introduced in Linux kernel in 1992
"Now unable to export , machinery and chemical to other countries"
A large number was also associated with smuggling.
office of general services
"Famous keywords, """" surfing on the internet """" , first time in printed matter got fame due to one library in charge Jane Armour , who published an article by the same name and which was issued by Wilson library in 1992."
Kuntar
33 people killed in bomb blast in Iraq
"In the beginning, every country decided to dispatch 7000 troops to Siberia, but Japan sent 72,000 personnel to rapidly gain further involvement."
"Because, geographically, there is a narrow water belt between the two countries, that is why to affect each other is somewhat natural."
"May 25, North Korea announced their second successful atomic explosion"
Pakistan Chief Justice reinstated
Information of subject
"Although the headquarter of ICANN is in California, the activities of Internet experts, and directors coming from entrepreneurial and non-entrepreneurial circles are monitored through an international board."
They completed their training in 1921. Then further officers were sent to France
Axial rotation
on 3rd June 1942 at 12:30 in the night America's 17 Aircraft's have attacked but attacked was not take place at target that's why no more loss take place
However the effects of law breaking had reduced considerably
"republic and democratic influence are high on american politics, and these parties are the managers"
In 1933 Einstein was on the visit to America then Hitler take the power of Germany
"when i was in muradabad. That time mirza sahab, was went to meet late nawab yusuf ali khan in rampor."
"On bowling a no ball, the batting team gets a free hit on which besides getting run out the batsman cannot get out"
Poet Laureate composes songs on national days.
government high have a many more cities present. Like colambia district is also in there. And where all take the darol government washington is also there. And river for another side is comes under in american.
6 May
"According to the new model, which is known as 'salad bowl model', every civilization has gathered around the American society in a way which is akin to a salad prepared by the mixture of different vegetables."
Spain
"Even then Islam and economics, business, banking, finance and on internet the sale of special goods made for Muslims, by putting an eye on this one can conclude that the Muslim commerce is developing rapidly."
British prime minister Tony Blair said he is to resign on 27th june.
Hit the ball twice.... when the batsman hits the ball twice on his own accord
"Later on, the same agreement was reconsidered and a new agreement of mutual cooperation and security was signed upon."
Both countries are exercising the influence to claim themselves as 'China'.
Category:Muslim Countries
"Selim's successor, Suleiman the Magnificent (1520-1566 AD) expanded the empire towards west conquering Belgrade in 1521 AD followed by the fall of Hungary in 1526 AD in the Battle of Mohacs thus establishing the terror of Ottomans in the European region."
After that to complete the message he turned in to the enemies forces
Some experts consider urdu and hindi a different standards
"Protest of more than 1 lac people against war in Iraq, in capital of America, Washington"
If you want to see some other topic which is not in our list then add it to our list of requested topics
"Prophet umme Habiba Ramla: When the Prophet married her, she was a Muslim but her father Abu Sufyan did not accept Islam"
An image of the killings of the polish people at the hands of Nazi's.
"Saudi Arabia (382,000), 1."
japan was such hugely destroyed that it does not has potential to attack again
War games in the Pacific Ocean
Ahmed third
Chapter 3: Ways of making money
The word 'internet' means internet in English.
Ibn e Ziad surrounded the house after he got the information
"In 1989, in lieu of the Military dictator, Turgut Özal had become the President."
"Britain, after recovering from the second world war, handed over the matter of Palestine to the United Nations in 1947."
Cities of Iran
"The Australian army became aware of the Japanese arrival on the next day, and General MacArthur and General Billaume were informed about this, upon which the orders to keep the enemies busy were issued."
"It is called Germany in English, Deutschland in German, and Almania in Arabic language"
1973) Govern for 40 years in Afghanistan
"Total deaths were 120 which include solders, children and other people"
"Monarchy is a widely-recognized use of this method, to keep the rulers in one family. This usually occurs at birth without any reference"
Kachari bazar - There outer side are courts
As on nationalist Qaied E Azam's personality is impressionable
"After 6 years in 1951, there were 29,887 students enrolled in 226 schools."
by this it introduced its ability in this field
"You should keep """" all rights reserved """" notice of the document, intact."
District Faisalabad 30.
22 February - Karachi Stock Exchange touches record level 14981
"Austria, Japan, Turkey, Mexico and Uganda took oath in the United Nation's Security Council as temporary members."
Interior minister injured
In this verbal fighting many ships were dround and many soldiers were killed.
"( However , its political impact is wider 57]."
Chapter 5
Famous suhaba
"To the west of this site there are many australian plants, which begin from Lombok"
Germany was planning to capture some areas of Poland and on the other hand Italy dominated over Ethiopia.
Pakistan movement
"After establishing their control over Madina, Muslims had to fight many wars in order to defend themselves"
America announced the landing of soldiers in the coastal areas on Chintan and Hagoshy.
Oxygen in the atmosphere formed as a result of Photosynthesis and it was converted to Ozone in the upper atmosphere.
Only one man survived.
now a day this place and it's surroundings are a part of mosque Nabi.
German president has this announced continuosly in 1941
Japenese goods because of its higher quality reached all world markets due to which it was preferred to American and European goods
Their intention was to capture the harbor at Pusan and by thus seal the route in order to stop the inforcement.
Ssalahuddin was very brave and intelligent
"Most land is of mountain, who is consist of mountain Hindukush mostly."
American force after conquering Shura also make control on air file dipher and stepping to wards south but to end the Japanese forces were not easy for them
Arzghaan
But this dominance was lesser than Europe
He failed in that attempt but he was experimenting again.
"When Japanese planes returned after the successful raid, Admiral Nagomo ordered to load the munitions on planes in order to perform another attack on Midway, when US warships, Enterprise and Hornet, were pointed out from the east."
You can lend the copies under the conditions given above or keep them to show the people.
the great grass of Island
"Mirza sahab said You just show me, where it is kept."
"9 April - Search have been conducted and found the dead body of the Baloch National Movement leade Ghulam Muhammed and following that, protests have begun in Baluchistan."
Because of indecent behavior from his parents he was in stained relations with his parents.
David Ricardo
it works result oriented on the orders (means one computer program)
Gandhi hindhustani policy has forced Jinnah to leave congress
"While the State Chief Minister has disclosed it, the unanimous officials have quoted that those killed in this incident were actually involved in preparing Bombs and made victims of it."
In January 2002 president Bush declared Iran a part of Axis of Evil.
"Explosions in Hungu and Hub, 33 died"
"Admiral Isoroko Yamamoto was not in favor of fighting a war with USA, but as the decision was reached, therefore, preparations for the attack commenced."
In 1937 july do war near Beijing.
after the nazi's successful western Europe defeated to them and the main person were killed.
Change in population []
Along with these to remember the changes version.
Abbas i has got a good deal of by the amiou  revolt.
This also includes 168 people who were given the death penalty by the War Crimes tribunal set up by the allied forces
"Till 1960, the majority of the population consisted of migrants or semi migrants, but due to constant advancement in the economy and the city, now 95% of the country's population is stable"
This visit was first agreed the then Advisor on national security Henry Kissinger secretly visited Beijing with the connivance of Pakistan to arrange for the visit of Nixon to enhance ties in mutual relations.
Now their target was Moorsab coast
Mahmud Ghazani
"According to a reserved estimate there are 512 industrial units, 92 engineering units and 90 chemical units"
"Later on, after the partition of Roman Empire, this (city?) became the capital of Eastern Roman Empire or Byzantine Empire."
His treasures are robbed.
"Niyaba's other useful to see,"
d
In battle of Yorktown Thomas Nelson noted that Cornwallis captured his house and made it his headquarter.
Hungary where as and other side is Russia and France.
"Later on in 1985, networks were opened for business uses."
this terror groups not only conquered those areas forcefully which world want for united nations and they have conquered also those areas which were of Palestine according to united nations
"Later on in January 1951, Chinese and North Korean forces attacked as far as Seoul by launching a big winter invasion."
Hazrat Imam hussain
4 March-international court justice has given arrest warrant by the name of Sudan's president Hassan al bashir in the charge war crime.
Permission had been granted to the Muslims.
Province Karman
And group which is at defeat suddenly changed to winning side .
Place to play
As a result of this there were also small-scale revolts.
Atom bomb
Don't write the place of network if it is published before the original document at least four years ago or the original publisher giving the permission.
Most of them were of old or advance aged and that is why the proofs of those who blame His Majesty Muhammad (s a w) of marrying several wives became invalid.
This is your profession.
"Columbus Day is a public holiday in the USA and many other countries, and it is celebrated in connection with the 1492 landings of Columbus on American soil."
March 25 -7 people killed in an american drone attack in South Waziristaan.
In 1997 Hong Kong was handed over by Britain to the People Republic of China and in 1999 Macau was also given back to China.
I will swallow my tears of sadness and accept the 4 points prepared by the foreign minister and accept to the allieds announcement
"Gave exam in August 1900, Einstein came 4th in a test of 5 students"
Ibn Ziyad in Kofa
30 August - Japan's opposition party gained a clear majority by defeating the ruling party with a margin of 308 to 119 seats.
Afgani kharasan born Celebrated people who conciderd Arubs by common people.
Because of its location in the heart of Europe and Asia it is very important.
The influence of Islam is the greatest in this
in 8th century in Japan Naradoor was started
Military Pakistan
Foreign affairs.
"This rank was part of the Usmani empire for 554 years, i.e. from 1368 to 1922. During this time there were 211 (or 215) President of the country, the majority of whom were non Turks. They included Arabs, Albanian, Russians, Greeks, Armenians and of other countries, however no non Muslim was ever made th"
Economic activities are being in country on very vast scale.
The inventions of Japanese started to get recognition in Europe and America.
(2 nd lesson)
9. Ends.
The winner of 2003 Nobel price of peace the lawyer Shirin Ebadi belongs to Iran.
"Hence the Republican Muslims thought this change a bolt on Islamic Laws and Justice. And only to retain Islam in its original values and virtues, Imam Hussain (R.A) strictly enforced the ground realities. Whatever happened in Karbala to those on right path is a very ugly example of Cruelty and Mischief."
When the team batting last has scored the target (score) it was set for victory
"Remove the part which is given under """"verification""""."
In China Shanghai they opposed the terrorist.
"karkhana bazar: this side there were many companies in older period, in which some are still remained"
Batis Abraic Smith
there are many differences in the staes of china in the East plateu& mountains are there& on jakah mountain& on west plin land
Headquarters are at Googlepex(Googlepex)Mountain view California( California ).
"In case if the registration  paper says about important numbers or  conditions of the new vision,we can accept the vision polices or you can also accept first vision FSF."
"Nobunaga captured Kyoto in the year 1568, and imposed a puppet commander over the post of military leadership, the Shogun."
As of know only 70 languages are spoken in which 20 are in danger.
"the terrorist attacks and appose became daily routine duty, and like that the Russian revolution got in"
Chapter 9: Mind and mating.
"Iran, Afghan civil war is affecting every one and they are all desirous of bringing stability."
South east in agriculture and trees industry are famous as the wages are little less as compared to other part of the country
Category: Countries of Organization of Islamic Countries
"So anyone who wants to do a true research regarding this, then he or she will not be able to continue the research in the related country."
European businessman and Christian men will face problems when local people  fight with each other
2246 America's Gbp 246 millions of income in agriculture. 3979 dollar Publish party its income of this.
The precious oil of Iraq was being looted by both Britain and America with both hands
March 2 - African country president guiene paso President shot dead
"His this right is only connected to umpire, if he thinks that the other team is trying to waste the time."
"For example, Both the Indian states had business take-give relation and contact with China, BCE remained up to several centuries, [15] trade is there because basically the size of the history of Indonesia."
Most of the time bowler comes to bat in the last time.
"Batsman can be out in these ten ways , In which first six are important , last six are not shown often"
decline between 1828 to 1908
British soldiers caught at maritime boundaries of Iran reached their homeland England after being set free.
"the word of maths became from mathematics that means is to learn or to practice, and ind English also it came from unan worded mathema that means also to learner to practice"
"Terminate the part which was provided for """"conformation""""."
"During this where he made most of Germans his fan with eliminating unemployment and many other development steps, also he told them that they are the world's greatest and conquered nation."
For 100 years before this area is used only animal farming
Ghazva Hunain: Shawwal 8 Hijri (January
"Because of the dense forests,difficult to cross peaks and the deep gorges travel was possible only on foot."
"Empire sultania power is the institution government tremendous system and for there main laws nomination of the nomination , Education , and with any person with there capabilities can be in  the greater place"
In Australia there are six states and two big and several small kingdoms..
President Obama has declared the closure of the --- of Quantogeel in a year
Conquering Iraq
"In June 2004 Baidu which is in Chinese was purchase in $5,000,000."
"But his daughter said that he remained in Japan and died due to throat cancer in 1959, at the age of 67."
July
"Modern Economics' base is also on the new classical ideas , in which the discussion is done on the efficient use of the means and sources."
after every fifteen to twenty overs there is a drinks break.
"His interest in politics also started to develop and he started getting impressed with Indian politicians, Dadabhoy Nauroji and Sir Feroze Shah"
Internationally Japan demanded to rule of their own in their areas.
Government of Pakistan
Zawwal 1828 to 1908
Japanese will be eternally pained that these people were sentenced to death for war crimes but not a single American was charged for the Hiroshima and Nagasaki atomic bomb attack which killed and maimed thousands of innocent people.
"Here there is a Textile University which is only university in Pakistan of its type, and this university has big hand in industrial prosperity of the city"
"The basis of Hitler's popularity was his party's ideology. Later on, due to this very ideology, not only Germany was split into two but Hitler was also ranked among the worst personalities of human history. Even today, Hitler's name is considered as much of a curse among the western nations as the name "
Of the toko gawa sugan ayda karta nizam has not in the time nafazu and one fearsdo has take the fase of nizam andhe became rubha zawaol because he dint get the publice pazrie.
doubt on Marg Anbu against laws
"US President Roosevelt had played his part as a mediator between these countries and convened for a meeting at the base, Portsmouth. As a result, on 5 September 1905, a peace treaty was signed between them."
Boing  and lock HID are also so important in this regard.
their some ideas are acceptable and some are not.
This book in sanskrit called the measure of love
435 per sq mi) of 940 people per square kilometer.
Confucianism
April 2
But Parliment remain for only two years and they are suspended and to force parliament to call Parliamentarian
But later on in the late 1944 the American planes started air strikes from the islands of Mariana.
"The Communist party has the rule over China, whereas democratic China was turning towards democracy"
From 1981
However he was unable to bring Fujiwara in the East and the western areas under army control
News of death of Hitler in an American Newspaper
Since Tokyo could been made the capital but the decided to make Hiroshima.
25 May - south Korea announced its second successful atom blast
Part 1: Contents in the Book
Baghichamahal Istanbul.
Category: Computer system
"Taliban was not recognized by any country except Pakistan and Saudi Arabia, and Western world continued their aid to Eastern Alliance, who had some power on the North of Afghanistan."
they don't know that Ankola was named
one run is completed when 2 batsmen reaches to the other sides of the pitch
There main purpose was to introduce the new conjectures and (formulae) and with the help of  carefully choose in (axioms)is correct.
"This states was Berlin,Hamburg and Benyamin"
After some years IBM has support links by which use of links is popular in businesses also
"Although these people were pretty much similar species like humans, they were named Homo Erectus."
"April 9 - Chaos in Karachi , 60 cars and countless building blown away , 6 people burn alive"
It came to light from 2001 survey that English is spoken in 80% homes.
In 1998 Vensya has faced a very different diplomatic structure.
"When the Japenese army relatiated, the allied forces also started moving from the South"
"The attacks of terrorists and the protests of farmers became a regular thing and in this way, the way for Russian Revolution smoothened."
"Richard Sher dill , was so impressed with his bravery and kind, germany king got die in river, running . and almost 6 lakhs christian contributed in that war"
PHP version 4 or 5
"Before the war, some Generals warned that after starting the war, the situation will be in favor of Japan for 6 months. And if the war was extended then defeat of Japan was evident."
"Japan's then Prime Minister, Tanaka Kakuye visited Beijing after coming into power, and diplomatic relations were established between the two countries in September 1972."
Most of the Chinese rivers fall end up in the Atlantic Ocean.
"The biggest cities of India are Mumbai, Kolkata, Delhi, Chennai, Hyderabad and Bangalore."
The batsman can more than one run on a hit.
Mohammad saani
Some researchers have presented this thought that in Einstein's research Mileva Maric also participated
20th October - European astronomers have discovered 32 new planets outside the solar system.
"Due to the war in Afghanistan, Pakistan got a lot of aid"
abtan giri
the climate of turkey is like Rome ocean where hot and dry climate is summer and cold climate is winter but it becomes very hard in barren lacations
Google mot don't be evil state that there more main goal is to help there consumer not to lotted them
Umbrella
the external & law affairs are with public
"Usually, the batsman hits the ball with his bat and runs towards his partner. When both the batsmen cross each other and reach the other batsmans crease, they get a run"
Only one person is allowed to add or edit a paragraph or a passage on the front cover or the back cover
Consider the peace agreement of Hudaibia as void
Company of Singapore will handle the management of the Gwadar Port.
Ibn Ziyad sent Imam Hussains head and tribe to Damascus
9 March.
FIA
See more
"in next four years all Europeans have send out,Masvi some many dutch businessmen which has limited to the harbour of Nagasaki"
"Most leaders of the right wing parties were Jews, who were famous because of the 1919 combined revolutionary party"
There are more then 1800 test matches have been played until today.
Group: Muslim Personalities
National bird- Quadratic is the national bird.
"Spain's kaastin, kataalan, with bask are ancient religious country"
"One are those who counts in Internals, and the other are those who counts as Externals."
there was a big increment in unemployment and salaries were reduced
83% of its total population lives here
"joined muslim league and nominated the president of muslim league , his alahbads famous lecture has the historical importancy in which he presented the pakistan's different proposal"
"Its government depends on the representative democracy according to the Congressional system, which holds powers according to the constitution."
"Jalalabad - 168,600"
British scholar
he was one of the founder member
This was the example for believers.
For quaid-e-Azam this saying is not wrong that this kind of personality born in centuries
Attack on Pearl Harbor.
Democratic France or France is a country in Western Europe.
Japan and Eastern Asia
This ireland surronded two third part of norh Britian and in the south it is scotland and Wales
"Therefore after the revolution of 1857, Mirza wrote to Nawab yousuf Ali Khan of Rampur for help. He fixed a 100 rupee stipend which Mirza got till he died"
Through this Noor Udin's wish was fulfilled through his hands.
the correct quantity of deaths occurred during Marg Anbu was not clearly known till them according to present measurement it was categorized based on imagine
This is also said that forth plane hit my american fighter planes because of possible attack
More than six balls can only be bowled if there is a wide of no ball
Swine influenza or swine infection which is also called as Cold.
"The democratic China has had the international support from 1949, but now this support has been transferring to the Democratic Republic of China"
This visit soon held after a meeting between few Muslim countries
but many yahudi organization used this word with other meanings specially those organizations who made in the period of marg anbawah
Fun land(outdoor electronic sports for children).
"According to American Military History, although the aerial strikes had severely weakened Japan's battle capabilities, Japan still had 2,000,000 troops at the time of surrender."
"After the indepence of Cyprian in 1960 , this Estrangement so  much increased that created a serious condition of Christan and Muslim dispute in 1963."
The effect of India in Afghanistan has become immense.
"Before that, the tradition to construct a new castle after the death of a king or queen in the previous castle to escape the influence of soul was common. With the passage of time, this became an expensive and difficult task."
American's not only bombarded not stop at Tokyo but also targeted many other cities which cause a large scale death to general public along with military installations.
programing education for children
"President subordinate ministers are minister of war , are in place in case of his place , foreign minister which is called rais afandi"
17 June - Indian prime minister met with Pakistan's prime minister asif ali zardari
"It is said that the watchtower from Lyalpur was constructed in memory of the Queen Victoria, who died 80 years ago"
this sort of feelings and aims and the leadership was faced in that period and its small tell has come above
29th April - 6 people killed during American attack in South Afghanistan.
"For an Afghan, his country comes in first. Then come his clan, loyalty, Religion, his lineage of other people and among other things, he considered Freedom to be more cheetable."
Death
Japans reason for developing stations was to defeat the allied forces in South East Asia
"In 1960 after the independence of Habarfas,No good take place and bad is growing,In December 1963 christens are againstMuslims"
May 22 - United Nation ask for a donation for displaced people which 1.5 lac to the world
Remember that India has lots of involvement in Afghanistan before Taliban.
witness of Rasool Allah
brigadier general abdul karim qasim and kernel abdul salam arif there is disputed among them because general abdul karim arif was in favor of deep relation with Egypt
"That time the numbers of wars more than required that is why Hedo yoshi climb Korea with the intention of defeating Chini, Korea and even India."
11th February - Pakistani ambassador Tariq Aziz kidnapped in Jamrood while going to Kabul.
"To increase their power Japan ordered an additional 34 thousand soldiers and 10,000 tonnes of various relief supply."
Abdul Aziz
"Secondly, The full text of the license, unmodified invariant sections as defined by the author if any, and copyright notices from previous versions must be maintained."
Water have covered the earth surface.
"Constitutional government was formed in 1947. But as many provinces of People's Republic of China were a part of the civil war, this constitution never got enforced on the mainland."
earthquake measuring 9 on the richter scale. More than 34 thousand killed.
after this on 12 November 1990 he has published with the Robert Cailliau preference has given one proof
In the past rockey mountain was famous for there volcano but now only there is one area which is famous for volcano
Date and many more.
"Yehuda Bauer writes that the lack of information can be attributed to the Roma's distrust and suspicion, and to their humiliation, because some of the basic taboos of Romani culture regarding hygiene and sexual contact were violated at Auschwitz."
"On 15th of August 1945 the Japanese Emperor Hirohito said while addressing to the nation on Radio Tokyo, that their country accept the Postdam Decleration."
"Terms and conditions of Internet, which is called as the protocol of internet, has three levels:"
these dispute continue till 1974.
Fire works and solid fuel rockets
"During the reigns of Selim and Suleiman, Ottoman Navy became the greatest naval power of the world which conquered several areas of the Mediterranean Sea."
North Kharasaan Province
A farmer named Zhu Yuanzhang in 1368 had overthrown the Mongols and founded the Mang dynasty which lasted till 1644.
two Arab tribes  named Banu Aus (Banu Aws) and Banu Khazra who accepted Islam later came to  end their differences whiten  His (PBUH) arrival in Madina.
"Although reports were received from the radio stations 10 miles far from Hiroshima that a big explosion was heard, but details were unknown."
"At the end of every over, Umpires too change their positions."
authoritarianism left and forced communist.
jjjj===third part:for the purpose of daughter in law===
Europe - Countires List
This is allowed to copy word by word so there is no chance to change.
In 998 Mahmoud Gazani has took away the power from them
Geo TV in Pakistan capital Islamabad
in competition with American dollar rupiah came out of R
Kazi Askar
The introduction by Mirza Ghalib which is a short Persian poetry is published in Ghalib's poetry book but Sir Sayyed intentionally didn't publish it in the Akber's Constitution.
Batala Colony
"Where you don't feel something is correct, click 'Edit Page' and correct the mistake"
War of Korea and Japan
"After the death of Emperor Meiji on 30th July, Taishu came to the throne as Japan's 123rd Emperor, his reign lasted from 30th July, 1912, to 25th December, 1926."
The last time it was edited was in 1992
"Britain is a political alliance, which consists of four countries: England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland."
9 February - in the area of charsda many suicide bomb blasts
"Network got human familiarity in the first Quarter of 1990 when European institute CERN popularized to WWW(word wide web) commonly in public after two years of planning of HTTP, HTML of Tom Burner Lee."
After hurricane in Karachi MQM terrorised Eidhi Foundation scouts and did not let them get the bodies out.
Malewa care both the children in switzerland
"However this is unfortunate that public who always recognized his poetic capabilities as well as his contribution to verses, never accepted his advises on the national issues."
"Each version of permission document is given a separate, distinguishable number."
There actual status was military and after shiekul Islam he was the leader
Prime minister of Pakistan.
When the first Chinese kingdom was started there were 221 soldiers killed.
luxembourg
"Initially every country has decided to send 7000 soldiers to Siberia and Japan want to take it early by sending 72,000 soldiers"
Misses Vijaya Lakshmi Nehru
Allowed the Christians to build churches in the towns.
Newly founded countries usually speaks only two languages
Unknown
How the web works?.
14 April
and there after became professor in Berkeley University of California and died in 1973
Serious
In other reasons war on both sides of border at the same time with two different opponents (in Europe Austria and in Asia Iran's safavid rulers) are included.
You can add more data on cover.
This content can be equal to which is containing to the law trades philosophy or diplomacy etc.
the destroying period of ammuvi
Chaudhary Shujat Hussain took the responsibilities of a Prime Minister for a short period of time and resigned for Prime Ministry after when Shaukat Aziz was elected as the member of the National Assembly.
"In Britains state of Northern Ireland, there is a ban on public and office smoking"
"Also, the British government had arranged to provide General Nadhir Khan a battalion of one thousand people comprising the tribes of Waziristan."
Literal meaning
Jamia Mosque Gool Ghulam Muhammadabad
Muslims arrest and martyrdom
Paul Simonlison
"in south east Agriculture,itinerary famous for industry's of trees this benefits work for different departments of country"
"Saudi Arab,BBC"
"Individually, religions are accepted throughout the country, and as a result, Buddhism and Taoism have gained a new life for some time."
2 April
"Service of total parts people improvements of tours, and education total GDP 69 percentage to take."
"Most of the killings took place in general massacre, like during rebellion of Warsaw 120,000 to 200,000 general citizens were killed."
These examples can be seen in IRC and its various file management system like Peer-to-peer file sharing
So the Muslims went back and in 629 there is a Haj
Humans take the decisions liberally on related study material and complete information.
The permission of the opposing team's captain is required for this
In 622 A.D treaty which have 53 provisions.
Mail Server (Web Server) also helps to know what has been Updated and when.
Before the existence of Lyallpur city there was an old living colony by the name of Pakka Mari. Which is now called Pakki Mari and now it is near Tariqabad nowadays
"IN order to find out what they were doing, Japanese Lt General Miechi Taro was allowed to investigate"
Anyone can make changes in Wikipedia but making account have other lots of benefits.
"Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto was Pakistan's President, and later on became the Prime Minister as well"
"Because the influence and access of Britain, France and Holland and others was prevailed in India for decades and it was contraty to the interests of Japan, because it had also tried to hold firm on the regions captured by it and desired to influence several other nations. That's why Japan gave priority"
"9%), China (9."
North Sulawesi (Sulawesi  Atara) -- Mando
"17 March - Suicide attack on Mingora police lines. 3 workers killes, 6 injured."
Asper weshem the number of causality murge ambua is included as a 40 lakhs.
"English is the language used mostly in transmission, education, trade, tourism, foreign affairs and the internet"
Australians call it historical war
Nagasaki is a big port city in the south of Japan
Australia wants to establish close relations with the Asian and Pacific Rim countries
Generations
Current political enviroment
"On 3rd April, the French President sarkozy met with the American President and announced that after the closure of Guantanamo jail, he is ready to take the prisoners"
"The people of Makkah and Madina tried to persuade Imam from traveling to Kufa, since the people of Kufa were known for their betrayals in past."
The Japanese course of action envisaged highly trained jungle troops under the command of Major General Tomitaro Horii landing near Gona-Bona to capture Kokoda and thereafter crossing the Owen Stanley Range to target Port Moresby.
Iraqi's round him from every where but they don't have guts to martyred him because they don't want this sin on their head
The history of Islam cannot forget the brutal assassination of the grand son of Mohammed Imam Hassan and Hussein in the field of Karbala.
"Spread over 37,00,000 square miles or 96,00,000 square kilometers this country is the third largest nation of the world,which is inhabited by over 3,000,000 people."
Ayeasu re-energized Confucianism in his court.
"In between, he showed activity in the British Parliamentary elections along with other Hindustani students."
"After the war, Japan and Vietnam presented their peace recommendations which was later singed by the two in August 1975"
We think that sun is small star but we now know that sun is strong emitting light in our permises when compared with 85% of stars.
7.5 Lakhs Jews of Germany and Austria could remain.
"However some brilliant rulers of Ayubi family including Salah-ud_din's brother Malik Aadil and his son Malik Kamil tried to unite Egypt, Syria, Hijaz and Yemen for about sixty years."
Kurdistan Province
"14th April, the Japanese had another power attack which the Americans had estimated that the Japanese attack in the night would prove fatal for them since the Japanese forces have acted quiet tough this time"
Third :Muslims developing the business is a good news fro all.
Eventually the Japanese thought that Chinese kings also die but they do not desert their castles or capitals. So a new and permanent capital was constructed at Nara in 710 AD.
November 13 - NASA Revealed the presence on reaching moon.
Among them Tunisia and Algeria's conquests against Spain and the safe displacement of local Muslims and Jews to the ottoman lands after the Fall of Grenada and Nice's triumph against the Holy Roman Empire in 1543 are of note.
with one another different places are found
"Love for him is a part of the belief of Muslims, and according to the Qur'an, no one can be a true believer until he gives priority to him over his self, money and everything he likes."
There are thousands of people living in this city
Twenty-three June.
It is saying that and they are forced for eating leaves
"Instead of coming to Germany, Einstein took shelter in Belgium."
Hazrat Abdulla bin Umar
to control on water use and on population are the two major issues on which china and other countries are not agreed. .
"So as the royal family was the only in which racial discrimination was recognized, for all other ranks the potential was made the basis."
"There are at least 150 active volcanoes in Indonesia, including Krakatoa and Tambora, both famous for their devastating eruptions in the 19th century."
"8.) And Singapore, 1%"
May 8 - People who are living in camps because of Swat war has increase to 45 thousand
captain makes decision according to the pitch and the weather.
"Ieyasu, is known the successful leader of japan history"
"18 December - an international conference about environmental changes was held in Queen Hagen, Denmark."
According to an estimate 3000 American and 24000 Japanese were killed in this war that continued for weeks.
"Besides Antartica, it has army stations in all other continents"
Trains got late for ten hours.
In 5th century Chinese riyaz ZO Chung Zahi he discovered the price of Mufdaar
"England was the world's most important center of cultural development, which spread from the English language and Church of England during the era of British Empire. Moreover, this land is also the birthplace of Industrial Revolution."
"As a result, four great army generals Osami Nagano, Kotohito Kanin, Hajim Sogi Yama and Hediki Tojo expressed their view that now its important to have a war with America and they made the king of that time Shiwa agree to sign the war plan."
"For this purpose,in 1910 several officers were sent to Europe where they got training in military aviations."
There was children were getting sweets and toys and were brought to champers.
First expanded TCP/IP network was started in 1 january 1983 when american institute for science NSF as organize a university network which than become NSFNET
after the ending of elqaan war it was taken to make on new standard and bought new planes
Bosnia and Herzegovina
"Eight bazaar which surround clock tower consists of many type of markets, which play important role in industrial and trade growth"
Tooth Brush.
"Due to the popularity in the development cities of Egypt, Morocco and Tunis, it was difficult to ignore the supporters of political Islam in the Aab world."
People's Republic of China and Democratic China
"Muslim businessmen brought Islam, and during the period of discovery of powers of Europe, Maluku masala one memorable thing to business in the islands."
Chinese development in the field of science and technology other than development regarding culture is as follows:
Curfew and blockade around Lal Mosque in Islamabad Capital of Pakistan
This person of people to thinking of increase to investment renovation.
"These unaware Japanese did not have the knowledge that after three days of Hiroshima, one more hell is going to fall on them."
Related subjects
Earth's on changes.
"3%), United States of America (13."
one important thing in this is branches that means to use the instructions in as sequence so that its past results according to already done or connects with some other outer incident
LEXAMBERG
"According to the research conducted by the military tribunal situated in Far East - which is also known as Tokyo Trial - Japanese army massacred 200,000 common citizens and POWs in 1937-38."
If we consider the people who does not harm by Nazi's then it's quantity goes up to 911 million(90 lakhs to 1 crore 10 lakhs)
the royal palace Goga of Tokyo was can made location but the different situations can be created in Hiroshima
Gazwa khyber : Muharram 7 May 628 a fight between jewish and muslim and muslim won the war
"Faisalabad important thing is it's center,which is on constant area which was divided in to add or subtract purpose in to 8 parts"
alama Iqbal and teachings of tassavuf
"In last fifty years there is a deep impact on Australian culture of American culture, non residents of English speaking countries and of Asian neighbors of Australia"
In Senghai there are severe cold and it is called arctic.
Any kind of device can't be called that it was the first shape of computer
which was to be completed by the public.
"After that attack Germans  his scheme, under which shlfn project was developed and 1905"
Two belonged to other respectable professions.
Western influences are increasing in Pakistans culture
but he abandoned this also in 1937
"space"""" or """"space-time"""" theory came to the fore."
Drinking Water.
9 March
It was the deadliest typhoon to impact in recorded history
Chapter 4: Isolation to bear.
"The same technique is also used by some corporate websites to implement a statement HTML  that the subsequent content is at another site, (rendering )is routinely done on Wikipedia whenever a page is renamed"
"Now Pakistan' economy(was considered very weak) after September 11's attack on World Trade Center of America, International economy crisis, Afghanistan war, Lack of water and  tension against India in all these aspects economy of Pakistan is doing well."
Part 4th ; The lien of daughter -in -law.
Then a small obstacle had happened in the relationship between these two countries on some issues and it got resolved in 1996.
"During the struggle for freedom of Hindustan (from English), Muslims demanded a separate country for themselves."
in Fransisco gernelu there are prime is faash
St Augustine is the only settlement which has remained populated from the time of its inception
"In 1814 name Australia becomes famous, which a British navigator wrote in the form of a book after his journey."
"that is while writing on topics, keeps in mind to be neutral and unbaised"
like to participate?
"25 April - bomb blast in Mardan, with constable 4 died, 30 injured, Taliban accepted the responsibility"
22 percent of the people living in Spain take part in every religious festivals.
Agriculture and natural resources in total from 3 to 5 percent.
So writing was given more importance than drama writing and painting
He was the first of seven children of  his father  Ponja Jinnah.
window live
Government of Pakistan
Changes
around one hundred died because of gale and lightening in Pakistani area of Dir
till 1772 ahmad shah daraani and later his sons did the kingdom
the areas which ruled by government were divided into small staes & each districts had different rules which were based on th e time of independence
England was made in 10th century and its name was kept on German group English and given the new form England from the migrant who came here in 5th and 6th century
Parvesh given the letter and in the some content Mohammed told that his kingdom will be finished.
Topic: Personality
"American Task Forces 17 commander, Admiral Fletcher wanted to keep his forces away from the sight of the enemy so that they can retaliate once they start their attack."
World War 1 and World War 2
In June 1747 Nadir Shah was killed after which Lowya tribe nominated Ahmed Shah Durrani as their leader
The economic condition of member and candidate countries of European union
Rivalry
the punishment of betrayal to HAzrat HAssan will be given till khayamatInshaAllah
March 1992 lakes Azam
Israel have under taken so many areas of Lebnan by attacking them in 1982
"There are quite a few factors for getting out; when the ball touches the bat and, before falling on the ground, if it is held by a member of the opposition team (Catch) - the ball hits pad of the batsman as he stands right in front of the stumps (LBW) - before the completion of run, the ball thrown by t"
33rd G-8 conference in Germany
father of abu ali sena migrant to Arab
mostly areas effected by earthquake due to mountain area.
Rice is the important and the biggest grain and it is mostly produced in Murtufa cost of Union Goi and South china.  in River Yangtze.
Warnish
And as per the medical definition such a  contact between male and female in which the sperm is sperm is delivered into the female's body is known as intromission.
jalalabad and under areas and hot on average.
Education.
But the daughter did not show interest and Einstein married Elisa.
The control of Baghdad Railway by the German army in the first world war was an international controversy.
"like new berg trials, tokio trials also was criticized that the hearing decision in the cases were the justice of victorious nations which was not good"
black arabic tea without milk is used to drink every where.
"It is a widespread notion that the beginning or evolution of this knowledge was in fact caused by the abstraction and logical reasoning of such basic phenomenon as counting, mapping, taking sizes and the studying of figures and movements of items."
"As per one estimate, the number of dead people being as 4,64,532 registered in the record book."
The theory of Quantum Mechanics was being developed in that same time.
2nd April
Even the English General Haig could not fight against the German Generals
It means we can make a list of programs from the data we store on computer for the use in future.
Mosque Haram and Baitullah
In 1920 First residential area out side circular road Diglas Pura was built
Professors return in German.
May.
This hard environment was not liked by Einstein
"Nepal (375,000), 1."
In 1992 according to agreement master chit there name become European Union
England drew abreast of India in the neck-to-neck gold medal race and went ahead by one before the host nation drew level in a thrilling two-horse race for second position in the Commonwealth Games on Saturday.
Finally the atomic attack on Hiroshima and Nagasaki proved to be the last nail in the Japanese coffin.
Indonesia is a country of south western Asia and Washnia
"The credit of reviving the Ottoman Empire goes to Bayazid Ilderim's son, Muhammad I, who is known as 'Muhammad Cilbi' among the Turks due to his refined character and good manners."
"This river starts from the East of Pakistan, and after crossing Sarhad, Punjab and Sindh it fall in Sea."
"With religion, music and poetry also has great significance for them"
V.U
Geographical
The embassies of nearly all countries are present in Washington DC and the council are present in nearly the entire country
Population
"Gumti , Faisalabad important historical place"
The death warrant of Jews around Warsaw Ghetto and of those Polish citizens who in any way came to the aid of Jews.
Khamis Masheet (military training in Western Arab)
"You can put a 5 word long text on the front cover and up to 25 words at the back cover , the list of the texts on the front cover page of  modified  version is as below."
on returning Sultan has demolished the city of Asqalan himself
not only this is an important part of food (but many stories are attached with it.
Qaid Azam take shelter in Qahara on returning from London in 1946
He was his father Poncha Jinnah's (1857-1901) eldest of 7 kids
The Coast guard in times of peace is under the Internal Affairs but in times of war it is under the Navy
Supreme Leader is the commander in chief of the armed forces
To start Second phase of trains lot of effort is carries out in 1950.After some time 60 percent International traveling increases.They turn their direction towards japan.
"many popular linguistic groups of past have now submerged  with hin group and have been shaped like chinese,due to which there has been a dramtic increment in hin group"
When Google introduce Gmail services not only 1 or 5 mb but he give 1 gb for there consumers and it is increasing every day with the reason there mail box increased to more than 6 GB
This is a type of copy means the document can be change in the same meaning as per the original.
Main of them was Rasida so a ligation were all useless.
Its main aim is to run states in  basic rights and it also aimed to make a war  if any one go against it.
This is one country that two or more languages are normally spoken by the people.
In the 1920 at the end of means at the nationalist party they have went to japan t meet there vice president they have decided and they have arranged in the city and at the same time they have created some another laws.
"In which  3 million are soviet prisoners and 150,000 are physical impaired , from 130,000 to 200,000 are romans and santi citizens 5 to 15000 same gender relation and other than that polictical prisoner , religious rivals that marge anbao killing reached to 90 lac and if included 2 million poland in it "
despite the fact that Urdu is the local and national language of Pakistan.
in this part there must be some important parts and it is aware to everyone
After that another group named Jerkins removed from North east and Mongols from North took over the dominion.
"its work is to do basic work and modify that, while inaugrating president, the chart of government policies"
This was the very big war one of them were the many people took part against Japan.
"Nonetheless, the Afghans living outside Afghanistan have begun some investment. For example, an Afghan family in Dubai opened a Coca Cola plant in 2005 in Afghanistan with $250 million."
"It seems apparent from Senai that word lifts it's predecessor word Sino and Sen, which was traditionally used for China men and for China."
"Because the government now focused less on the Socialist facts, writers and literates paid attention to the daily life problems and started writing on them."
Judge
"On its completion a ceremony was held, who's Chief Guest was the finance commisioner of Punjab, Mr Louis"
List of Urdu web sites
Now Japan had the power of 75000 soldiers and hundreds of soldiers but Japanese forces selected retreat for some time and on 24 August they again lined up and started to plan for third big attack.
"Although King in Japan, was the head of symbolic of country but the real power Show gun means it was with Soldiers."
when he was told to take companiondhip on imam hussain hand then he told that man like me cannot take the secret baith
"Later on, he besieged Vienna in 1529, but due to cold weather and fierce resistance from the city's residents, this siege failed, and so the waves of Ottoman hurricane returned after colliding with walls of Vienna. The boundaries of Ottoman Empire never went beyond this city of Europe."
In World war about 10 million people of both parties were used and about 20 million got useless.
Category: Britain
Banu kaza collation with Hazrat muhammad p.b.u.h and there rival with banu baka
2 May - 2 Pakistani soldiers and 13 militants were killed in a skirmish in Muhmund Agency.
In 1767 tax has been put on Tea and other many things.
Korean people struggled quite long against the Japanese occupation.
in 19&18 century different views are Stabilization policy -- Economic growth -- Purchasing power parity -- supply side economics --Gold standard
IGAA 23 tanks of the then occupying Japanese army were ranked amongst the best units of the country.
Hazrat Fathima(R A) was born as the daughter of Hazrat Khadeeja(R A)
President Pervez Musharraf had removed the tension from the country.
quit person
"on this topic discussing fried lander writes that because of danger raise of marg anbawah yahudi was so much in hate position because of that the interruption of rescue teams (which is in every religion and society) all the industries, small industries, and the gathering of churches this much big things"
"Country's economy is based on big part of depend on natural things like coal,oil and important elements"
"On 5 April, USA intercepted a message. After decoding it, it was determined that Japan had ordered its Navy fleet and other big warships to reach Vice Admiral Anuy's operation area."
and like this in north Australia this less pressure equatorialclimate which generates cyclone
"This score is every player's(cricketeer's) individual score, Over ,and Surplus Score which is written in a particular book and shows it to umpire when ever needed."
"japan harbors, airports, and others like education and jafakashi also was used"
In addition Persian Gulf is also attached
"Ghalib 'student Maulana Hali describes in “Hayat-e-Javed” that Syed Ahmed called uncle to Ghalib and Mirza Ghalib also treated him Indulgently as elder. Maulana Hali also wrote in “Hayat-e-Javed  that Ghalib  was also include in those  schoolers  who's  meeting Benefited him at the age of 19,18"
Murad sani was famous for one book Sufism
"Modernization came in architecture, and the use of vibrant colors increased."
it creates a huge difference between the education of rich areas and poor areas.
"Nepal 1,37,000"
Kunnarr
Similarly India name came from Indus.
The theory of light was first presented by Max Planck.
and it can be kept in the huge numbers of numbers which is called machine language like that is done in old versions
"93% of Chinese population is supportive of Buddhism, Confucianism and Taoism."
"The Sihonai'a had already begun terrorist attacks on Palestinians and their killing, but in 1948, they attacked the Palestinian Muslims in a commando action and captured the western area of Bait ul Muqaddas and other areas"
This provided a new basis for Turkey's relationship with European Union and Greece.
Azad Kashmir
This attack was done on the Honsho are and in history it is  remembered as Dolton Raids.
Other than this this is driest continent where humans live
The chinese traders used to come to the Kyosho area
on most links destro all lessons are placed already
Category:Cricket
after misaaq madina they ware compel not to talk about hazrat Mohammad and Islam so thats why they started secret plots which aim was to attack on the personality of hazrat Mohammad
"If they had abandoned the other gods and thrown the idols out of Kaaba, they feared that, being the center for trades, their hold business would be gone."
nearly most of buildings were destroyed
so he planned cleverly and was able to save people from the trap of elites of Kofa.
"In fact, Saudi Arabia has laid the foundation of basic for it in the mid of 1930 itself."
For human development index there rank is number third
August 5
There God let him see Heaven and Hell.
The American Congress has two house's
Finally according to traditions in May or June 632 Prophet Muhammad died.
"From a legal point of view, an Expediency Council was established in 1988 in order to solve the problems created between the assembly and the council"
This was the first war where airplanes were used on the battlefield for the first time in the world.
"Upon receiving this message, Admiral Nagomo ordered to change the munitions being loaded on the planes in order to attack US warships."
"On the other hand, the instructions given to a computer could be temporary in nature. For example, the instructions in a program which perform the task of helping the computer 'jump' from one any one part of the program to another one, these called 'jump instructions' or 'branches'."
this anouncement made the JApan to weapon illegally which hurted the japan troop captain
"First click on the link of """"Comments page"""" and then click on """"Edit the page"""" link there."
Next round will be on 6th of May.
On 6th of April 1712 rebellion has been made by slaves in New York.
japan broadcasting anticipated that radio station of Hiroshima is got quite
Hazrat Mufdad Bin Aswad (R.A)
Muhammad V
"If the 3 million Soviet Prisoner of wars, 150000 physical and mental patients, 130000-225000 people of Roma, 5-15 thousand gays, political and religious prisoners etc are also included, then the total number of deaths in the Holocaust rises to 9 million. And if 2 million Polish deaths are also included,"
if you not add any more rules in this then this permission notice will granted with this
Soah is used by the Jewish reasons and understand as the attribute. in which one word holocaust is heart rending.
Division
"And if seen on this regard then only ICANN is the only one institution which can be called as an institution which have a central impact on world internet, but its authority is limited up to  domain name of the system , internet protocol address , protocol port and parameter numbers only."
Sultan Mohammed Fateh was one of the dewaan carrying poet of Turkey.
Print making brought up during the period of Swong emperor .
"United countries (747,285)"
When Foreigner preacher left local Christians do there preaching task
Which is why it's Maritime trade held with Pakistan.
Japan got the victory at the cost of very less loss of life
Britain and France did not play any role in this as both countries were going through economic and political turmoil whereas America was internationally
Every match is divided into two portion in which one team do batting and other did bowling
Pakistan's political parties
"Japan was the first Asian nation to establish a modern society on western basis. However, like the 19th century Germany, it was also simultaneously a conservative one."
"For the complete Body of Laws, please see: Laws of Cricket"
One day match will be played about 7 to 8 hours.
1st February - Gay leader Joannah takes oath as Icelands Prime Minister
The Departed adjudged best film.
Riyadh center of city
"In 1840 live Harms carlil lecturer says I am Loved on Muhammed. he's Character Name, Proud to do not surely."
American occupation and current affairs.
"In year 711, Muhammad Bin Qasim conquers a large area of sub-continent in the reign of Kaliph Waleed Bin Abdul Malik and subcontinent becomes a part of world's largest Arab empire who's Capital was Damishq, language was Arabic and religion was Islam."
In year 1993 Einstein came to America with Elisa and Helen and got appointed as a professor in Princeton University.
Chapter 10
"Tomb of Sufi Barkat Ali Ludhhianwi , samundari Road"
"This announcment of independence and this program power and believe in it and we make a promise that to fight for the purpose we will give our lives , assets and honor"
Category: History of Islam
In 1982 the new Constitution of Turkey was abolished.
26 June-
26th June-Supplementary election held in Pakistan
ha assembled them and said who ever wants to go back he can go
"in 1712, 6th April, the slaves revolted in New York"
he did this service for hazrat qatija ale salam also
In this all incident there was yought story went in this all war but the government did not take the any silly steps again the japan solders and chinese solders.
January.
This Harbor was of great importance for return attack of the Allies. So the American’s and the Allies after a discussion decided to send the available four naval batons to guide the Coral C region.
"Turkey is a democratic and constitutional country, which had its political system established by Mustafa Kamal Ataturk in 1923 after the Usmani empire"
He presented a new definition of gravitational force
Elsa came to America after that where she died in 1936.
You can add additional contents on the cover page.
It is common for storms to blow in the season of spring because of prolonged drought and backward methods of agriculture.
"To stop it and to get influenced over Afghanistan, the strategic rivalry and conflicts were being exercised which is called 'the Great Game'."
Ali Ghar with its description and mapping was an old city in between Mirza Ghalib’s birth place Akbarabad and his burial and death place Delhi. Which was for a long time in history as famous as KOLE and then during the period of Muhammad Ali Jung Jung (Fateh Kole) was renamed as Ali Garh. (But during th
"Karachi, Lahore, Sahiwal, Faisalabad, Multan, Hyderabad, Rawalpindi, Peshawar, Quetta, Dera Ismail Khan, Bahawalpur, Sargodha, Jhang, Sakhar, Dera Ghazi Khan, Jehlum, Sialkot, Gujrat, Gawadar, Chitral, Sawat, Murree, Sheikhupura, Gujranwala, Chitral etc."
Asper this View :
Amazing results.
Not only this their are some more states
who did not proven an intellectual commander.
american animal saver and the officers of forest saved those animals who were going to be disappeared saved them in their natural environment
"Popularity extends, then University of Berlin which was the center of the education those days, offered professor and director of new institute and a good salary, Einstein accepted it and came to Germany."
"Romanticism emphasized the 17 popular folk literature and emotive involvement, but gave"
"According to historian hitler was extremely intelligent , Fierceful personality , His personality was magical , when he stand for million of people for speech all became magical , Words are toys for hitler and way of talk was extremely appealing"
"As the Samurais were acquainted with local territory, therefore, they offered fierce resistance in the beginning, but the odds still remained in the favor of Mongols."
Turkey's geographical area is due to rotation of earth which has been shaped as a line before thousands of years & presently it is facing major earth quakes different
In 1585 Ottoman Amir al-Bahar Murad al-Rais have taken Lanzarote to victory in Canary islands.
dictionary
baawar writes that more roman oppress and violence could not brought the bad incident on the top and listen all the opperss with quietly anf with that these sort of incident grew and it was in secrets only
And Noor Muhammad Turah became the President
"Jamia Mosque Sunni Rizwi & Tomb of Molana Sardar Ahmad, Jhang Bazar Faisalabad"
I think Quaid-e-aAzam a great Mujahid who fight against the war of  British government.
this puts a great effect on sea & on southern Asia
His mother name was Hazrat Ameena bint Wahab who was the daughter of the Headman Wahab bin Abdul Munaf bin Qassa bin Kallab.
"Japan ordered these ships to leave, but Perry refused to leave until they get the letter sent by the US President to the Japanese Emperor."
interesting point is this king will not known by his real name but known by his attribute and their period in history is written like this like Taisho is also attribute
Badghais
for that purpose korea became fist
Earthquake
on 30th July after the death of king Maji Tasho became the next king of the Japan whose period was from 30 July 1912 to 25 December 1926
"Near the end of that period, reforms were also made in education and syllabus, and higher education institutes such as Istanbul Technical University were established."
"Tokogawa Shogun's administration was not according to the times, and finished off as a result. No one from the public was also supporting it"
Soviet Union has strictly criticize the agreement and said that the peace agreement made by America and Britain they did not keep interest of Russia and did not take advice as well.
"American word is uses for American residents, no matter if they are from North America or from South America."
Japan also criticized this peace agreement as they considered this a costly victory and they said that the entire area of Sakhalin should come under the custody of Japan
This Osmaani history can be divided into two periods:
The behavior of Salahuddin with non-Muslims was according to the teachings of Islam and the proof for it is that during the Islamic government the rights of the non-Muslims were protected in the same way as the rights of Muslims.
in the way the famous poet farzoq net with him and said to imam hussain
Merg Anbew
Other Country
List of Europe countries.
"19 people died on the occasion of Basant in Lahore, the city of Pakistan"
In this Countries population wise northern westfalen and area wise bavaria is the largest Country
"With the Commonwealth Games over and demands for probe for mounting, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh tonight appointed a high-level committee headed by a former CAG"
cheen hazrat Isa Al iBefore the bith of Islaam with  she he yong wished to build a wall to save his coumtry from hi enemies.
George Washington during war revolution was monitored the continental force because second continental congress have accepted the announcement of independence on 4th July 1776
TV transmission blocked
province of qam
due to force from the Germany's president Hinden Burg Hitler released some what easy Jews who have served in first world war who now became old whose sons and fathers have taken part in first world war they can continue their present job
During this time on the seashore of dutch came out in 20th century archipelago.
Initially in march 1912 in Serbia and Bulgaria and in May 1912 agreements were made between Greece and Bulgaria in which Russia played the role of arbitrator.
"In the ray of declaration of Pakistan(Lahore declaration)of 1940, Jinnah was busy to establish a separate state namely Pakistan for Muslims."
As Japan to find there new resources they have to start new ways so that purpose military action was inevitable  than america also stop oil supply for Japan for this Japanese forces and and specially navy was badly affected
Every type of cricket originated in England
Story of eight bazars
Muslims should be given one third representation in central assembly.
"Jamia mosque sunei rizwi with mazar mulana sardar ahmad, jang bazar Faisalabad"
Being the host this was managed by the hosted people to look after all the pro-grammes.
It is also said that fourth plane after getting kidnapped was destroyed by American fighter planes because of possible attack.
"four people from sahaba were considered shia of Hazrat Ali:salman farsi,abuzar ghafari,mqdar bin aswad and amar bin yasir"
It was shaken by earth quake which measured upto 6.3 Richter scale in which 300 people died and more than 1500 people injured and more than 50000 people lost their homes..
"Usually, the ball goes to the bat of a batsman who is standing before the wicket to safe it from the moving ball"
11 February - heavy rain in Pakistan
The idea was for Britain to hand over the rule of Palestine to Jews when enough Jews settle in this way.
From second World War until 2000 around 69 hundred thousand people came as new immigrants.
Mostly was Turkey generation.
"Indonesia's history has since been turbulent, with challenges posed by natural disasters, corruption, separatism, a democratization process, and periods of rapid economic change."
Irving Fisher
"After listening to this, Muslim surrounded the castle of Ibn e Ziad along with his eighteen thousand supporters."
History of Computer
Britain is one of the worlds biggest nuclear powers
"Taking benefits from this disorder America, Britain and Japan landed their army in Waladiostock and conquered till the railways of Trans-Siberian region to many hundred kilometers"
January 24 Iraq parliament select to new national Flag for Iraq
"In the present and advanced era, where the Computer and Internet has been developed with no limits and many institutions are offering similar services, even then Google is different from all."
More information was extracted from the Japanese message of 27th April
"What happened was that that some Palestinian Arabs sold their land to the Jews, but the remaining people didn't do that. As a result, in 1948 - after 52 years - only 6 percent Palestinian land was owned by Jews."
Geography
Its official name is 'Federal Republic of Germany'.
in between Australia and Asia Taymoor and Arafwarak sea are located
That year the Japenese thought long and hard about how far behind they were from the rest of the world
"A copy that is not made in a 'clear' way. A copy in which the presence or lack of presence of mark up is arranged in a way which stops the reader to make changes later on, could not be called 'clear'."
"Preparing  of right government ,Law act and nation meeting ."
About Pakistan
No one could get 50 percent votes
"Thirdly, the development of Muslim entrepreneurship is a good news for everyone"
Commonly match play in a day light and match stop in case light going to be down.
5th November
Due to Alain  bombing in Afghanistan there first nineteen and then again nine people died.
The strategy that the Germans had developed for attacking France
"050 miles), in terms of area, Indonesia is the worlds 16th largest country"
Culture and literature
"This is published in 11 cities of Pakistan which include Lahore, Islamabad, Karachi, Peshawar, Quetta, Multan, Faisalabad, Gujranwala, Sargodha, Rahim Yar Khan and Sukkur"
"Even with the huge borders of British Kingdom English was not the communication language in the world until 20th century, but it has this status with the victory of America in second World War and the development of American culture all around the world, particularly fast development in communication re"
sky is blue because of the blue rays.
June 14
Nagina Cinema
Art and literature started to progress.
It was first time in the history of Japan that a foreign country had taken over its own territory.
Cities of India
Whose names are given below
Wives of chastity and children
This is professor Stanly.
"Like other big cities of the country the City District government was also established here in 2005, according to which it was divided in 8 towns"
Iran is been divided into 30 provinces or astan in Administrative method.
Desktop KDE 3
"Master of the Lal Masjid, Islamabad, Pakistan, Abdul Aziz got caught while trying flee wearing Calyptra."
One who runs very fast from back he is known as fast bowler or bowler.
Railway Station
After this deals on 7th of Moharam month Huzur wrote a letter to rulers  through a travelers.
this way law has word by word translation
"It can be said that that Persian was used as the language of art, refined literature and diplomacy, and Arabic was used as the primary language of religion."
Chapter 3 : Ways for making money
Taliban were not accepted by Pakistan and Saudi Arabia and West world kept on supporting the North Alliance which had some rights in the North of Afghanistan.
This car has a magnet which points towards Mecca and has a special compartment to keep the Quran
"In 1764, the British Government enacted the sugar Act and levied different taxes"
Category : Areas and countries which speaks Indian Language.
Category :Brokage first level
First two batsmen to come for batting are called opener or inning opener batsman
At west situated Jahang and Topatik
for that it was must to spread japanese border to extend so that can defend outer attacks and no stop in developing in country
"In August 1989, this became the partner organisation with the leader for National policy and Constitutional matters"
Javad club play land
This island is spread over various island and is connected to Ireland.
Chapter 1: Some types of marriage.
During this period the empire for external intervention against there was a extreme danger
Hungary
Middle europe and usmania empire relation was the basis of new river ways and possibly the reason of Usmania empire downside because European powers in middle east and rome other than that use other ways which was the issue of financial problems
"On 1st of December 1660 the British Parliament passed the Navigation Act, in which trade with colonies were restricted to rules according to their interests."
"They formed the Republic of China on 1st October, 1949 and also declared ROC an integral part."
Afghanistan.
2 March- President Jao Bernardo of Ginni Basao (an African country) was shot dead.
The Extension (1453 to 1683 B.C)
"The Usmani Kingdom was seen very effective in its region of rule, the kingdom made sure that it gives equal opportunity to everyone, with better training and development programs. The peculiarity of this kingdom was, that it always gave every citizen of its kingdom a fair chance to embark to any positio"
Sports
He is a member of United Nations and founder of World Islamic and since 1949 member of European Assembly  and since 1952 a member of North Atlantic Agreement.
A huge ball of fire started which appeared to have taken an oath not to leave anyone
"Pakoda were made, Parks were built and trees of Sakoora were implanted."
"Ghalib's pupil, Maulana Ha'ali, states in 'Hayat-e-Javaid' that Syed Ahmad Khan used to call Ghalib as 'uncle', and Mirza Ghalib also used to display old-manly love to him. Maulana Ha'ali also writes in 'Hayat-e-Javaid' that to satisfy his academic thirst, Syed Ahmad Khan in the age of 18-19 (3 -"
"But the Sikhs began to increase their influence in Punjab after this war, and slowly but steadily, seized many areas of Punjab."
lesson 2
Usmani leadership there signs of 21
The committee condemns the japan's intervention and asking to stop intervening
He took oath of his position on 16th May
Political situations upto 1950 large development and good relations with Unan are growing .
On 6th Arpil in Italy city  laquela
He also prayed the Namaaz e Jinaza (prayer of death) of the Sultan
Abdul majeed first
During war banichari was will sultan
Long droubt and agriculture old ways the outer weather winds became a normal part
Babul is the east side of Iraq
Category:Shah Jahan
"He was hanged in the Landisburg Jail on 2nd June, 1948."
Rehbar moazzam elect members for three years
"25% of Foreign capital is generated by Faisalabad, thus this comes second in foreign capital generating cities"
category :    net
"Iqbal,Alama sir Muhammad"
But the real purpose of this was to aid the Russian Revolution or the opponents of Balshwaick  Revolution.
The arrest and Assassination of Muslim
It does it's response on guidelines or programs which brings in characteristic style and design.
"In 1627 the ships of the Ottoman navy have successfully raided Shetland islands, Faroe islands, Denmark, Norway and to Island and also during 1627 to 1631 to Ireland and Sweden."
Pakistan's regions
after this war Islamic Team handled of Christians place.
some experts day that hokaido and honsho island's people are the oldest of ainu group
Condition of 50 out of wounded is critical.
"Yonang province is considered as a part of Mekong that includes Myanmar,Laos,Thailand,Cambodia and Vietnam."
"May 25, """"PHOENIX"""" a research space shuttle of American Space Agency NASA landed on surface of Mars."
January 11 Sui Nar dharan gas pipeline limited Habib bank limited final competition to take failed of champions.
Afghanistan their round Western school was open and increase British influence
category:Ahle Bait
Government organised
in 1932 during the establishment of Saudi Arab every citizen cannot reached to get education and in area's mosques schools education limits and individual try were doing
20th July
"11 January - South Africa's world class allrounder, Shaun Pollock retires from international cricket"
August
are divided on administrative basis.
to stop the processing of Imame Hasan Ibne zaid sent tamimi
National poet. Doctor of nation Hazrat Dr. Allama Muhammad Iqbal
Now planet according to him is moving in the right direction but because of this natural tendency it moves around sun
"American has made a law for safety of these and made a law in 1973 , that there beings should be in natural enviroment"
first saleem
The war within led both the classes nowhere.
accrding morriqbin khalkhaam the day he died was so crucial that it was never till Khalifah raashideen
Ottoman emperors paid special attention to architecture.
letters to the kings.
"An employee hostage and killed another employee in American Space Investigation Organization (NASA), and then he committed suicide."
In order to increase its force Japan added 34 thousand soldiers and 10 tonnes of equipment to its army
"Japan had already made Manchuria, Shanghai, French Indo China and Taiwan its colonies, and also captured British Malaya (Brunei), Malaysia, Singapore and the Holland's Dutch East Indies, i.e Indonesia. It also signed an agreement with Thailand"
Pakistan's 2nd constitution was established in 1963
It is against the law to attempt to copy or change or distribute the original license certificate and if you try to do so all your right will be forfeited.
It can't see my country man face some much difficulties
Ayyasu tried to have negotiations in business agreement with Spain but Spain didn't give permission to land Japanese ships in port of Philippines and Mexico.
Tehran Province
Mountains are very important to maintain balance of the earth.
on this some lovers remain
Test match
Hazrat Imam Hussan
After popularity in public the first world cup was played in 1975 which is played after every four years.
If for some reason or due to bad weather a one day match is unable to finish then it is called a No result
Indonesia's maaashiyat.
Motor way
Around 1% people Hindus are there and the same number of Christians.
12 countries in 2002 and 2 new country's in 2007 joined the European Union
Malta
"As the crisis grew, selling of Turk Lira increased in the open market."
"22nd August- Taliban announced their new leader, Hakimullah Mehsud"
There are 2 types of Sanjik rulers. one a prince and the other non prince
17 February - kosuwoo parliment announced independence
"This activity resulted in Jinnah accepting the Indian constitution and independence, and as a result joining the movement against the British rule"
"hirat,gazani and balukh were completed destroyed"
"In American mainland, especially in the western part lot of differences could be found."
"According to the Shengen agreement, 13 countries opened their borders for each other where their people could travel in these countries without passports or visa's"
for american ocean army japan west keishou harbor was found very helpful because that palce was only far for 165 ocean miles from south korea
Because the defeat of small groups was a certainty therefore they united with the big lords from nearby
hazrat ali's dar ul qilaaf from madina to kof so that they could crushed these plots
Talitala
"Later Einstein accused Halbert of """"stealing"""" his thoughts."
"Usually, the Germans call their war Endlosung der jugenfrange which means a war to clean their nation from sickness called Jews."
turkey announced to give five years visa to Islamabad's chamber's executive and those have these sort of visa can go turkey any time and do whatever business they like
During that Sultan secure Biat ul Mukadas Becuase the next target of Christian was Bait ul Mukadas
Turkey was the second country which signed on the 1963 agreement regarding the European Union
Canal lower chenab is the only source to reach which is cultivating 80 percent of the land
British State was independent state till 1707 state of Scotland was merged to form prime state of Britain.
"And since 1992 to now, it has been in the top 4 positions in every Summer Olympics"
If Jewish are considered as the sign of marge anbao than almost six million Jewish are killed
see more
On 25th of November 25 Passengers died as a result of a Train bomb attack in Russia.
"February 3, Restriction has been imposed on entry in Fiji on Prime Ministers of New Zealand and Australia"
this confronment made the opposers a disappointment & started to misuse both the trib'es name
"Many foreign groups have also adopted the lifestyle of Han group, and have started to think of themselves as Hans after creating pigtail-like ponytails, because the Manchurians had deemed this identification symbol compulsory for Han population."
Yazd Province
25th August.
In this conference there is an agreement between war against Italy
In 1916 Ian Stine ask question regarding divorce
On south and north pole the day and night are of 6 months each.
paper
But unexpected troubles arose when this agreement was presented to the Japanese Parliament for ratification on 5th of February.
"On the next day, Japanese warship 'Shokaku' was made dysfunctional to a large extent."
The population increased tremendously in this area and in 19 century more five colonies were also build.
On 6th April 1712 the slaves started insurgence.
American Revolution and the initial Republic
Signed the agreement of Japanese Alliance.
he saw bottle by taking his hands and said that brother in this some connection is come
To protect against Hungary
92) I will get food 3 times in my room
Non army conditions mainly religious and law matters care like teacher
Players
"He was buried near the famous Amwi mosque of Damascus, Syria"
However the Korean navy used its new Naval ships to defend its territories well
February 27
to work right for internet protocol world name space will have to be compulsory that means every leaf must have different names which does not have any where
this was the cause that many muslim were not with weapon
This wall was started from the border of China and Monchoko.
According to constitution on person can become the president more than twice.
Zamrah:Selfish groups
Linus aim was to use it for himself and his friends.
"It is one of the founding members of the European Union, most populated and powerful country of Europe and the worlds third largest economy"
Russia
"Pakistan's land was included in Darawar, Aria, Han, Iranian, Greece, Arab, Turk, Mongol people's states in past."
Hasib Shahid Park
"March 20 - Suicide attack in outside army camp in southern waziristan , 5 dead and 11 injured"
"By the year 2000, Taliban set up an Islamic Government by taking over more than 95 percent of Afghanistan."
province of quzistaan
Category : South Asian
"reference gaalib 19, gaalib book maktabul arsaato jah in mathematics the real gran father of syed ahmed khan (dabeer ul daula ameer ul mulk khwaja fareed uddin ahmed khan maslah jung), was his student"
History
Pig Flu or which can also be called Flu
"After all, all the parties agreed to dissolve themselves and formed a single party movement Imperial Rule Assistance Association, which was joined by political parties, women and movements of neighbors located in prefectures, that is equal to an area of a district."
"Two American drone attack in north Waziristan on 17 December, leaving 32 dead"
5th April.
Ottoman Navy
"After many years of struggle,three months after the incident he died on 18 September 1598."
"Different tactics began to be used to stall the advance of Japanese forces. For example, water reservoirs were broken in order to create difficulties for Japanese army, which caused the flood."
on this event the city name was changed from Lailapur to Saudi's famous king Shah Faisal shahid name Faisalabad
His verdict used to be decisive.
importantly in this camps they have taken the services from prisoners till then they will exhausted or became ill and died
16th March.
In these times economy is called as political economy
8 March- 28 people were dead and 57 were wounded in a suicide attack in Iraq's city of Baghdad.
There is saying that is the development of Japan liberal democratic party plays a very important role
internal sources
Usman the second
"India's culture beginning BC 8000, But history of writes 2500 yearly  have."
"Secondly by capturing Afghanistan and Iraq and keeping Pakistan under pressure, it kept Iran and to some extent Saudia Arabia, under its control"
Sikh Leader
"In May 2002, following Buland Eijot's refusal to resign - despite clear indications of bad health - 60 Assembly members, and other ministers including Deputy Prime Minister, and Finance Minister of Prime Minister's own 'Democratic Left Party' resigned."
Robert Solow.
"Iqbal, Allama Sir Muhammad"
The Australia was used in the English language for the first time in 1625.
Hazrat Mariul Hibuthi These of ulam.
That time in Eastern and western Asia has noabadayadi.
"He came back from Britain and started practicing law in Mumbai. Very soon, he became a famous lawyer."
Urdu is the national language in Pakistan.
"Nearly all the Muslims believe these people as pious people of ALLAH but Asna Ashri, Shia, have specific fame in the matter of faith on these Imams."
"Both English and German languages have the word 'Holocaust', which is used frequently."
"After Egypt, Saladin conquered Syria, Mosul and Aleppo, and assimilated them into his Empire before 1182 AD."
Linux is an independent operating system.
and there are more hydrogens lines also there
Chapter 4 duties of citizen
"In recent times, increase in tourism and increase in export items has changes this trend"
"The ozone created in Earth's atmosphere slowly created a protective shield around the planet. Ozone sealed off Earth, making it safe for life, from the Ultra-violet rays of the Sun."
Nawai Waqt
"There were 2 main reasons for the Usmani defeats in the first World War, the attacks by the British Army on important areas and the Arab rebellion"
"Nadir Khan gave him refuge and forgiveness on the Quran, but when he came to kabul, he was murdered"
in the tarif miben till six weaks they get meskarat after that one contract of peace full and friend ship has signe  and like this shfartie relation has started.
"According to the Wansi Protocol, it was also informed that this was the final answer to the Jewish question, and wanted to do this in England and Ireland as well"
"According to statistics of Central department of statistics of Afganistan, in 2006 these are tweleve biggest cities of Afganistan by population"
Students and labor organizations began full scale demonstrations throughout the country.
and the others who bowl the ball slowly and spin it
Computer can restore the all dates which the human can save. then the computer is restore the memory for any time.
His famous logo WWW build by Robert Cailliau
In order to do this he started supressing his opponents
"As a result of reforms, feudalism was ended in 1871 and the land was given under the custody of the government"
every kind of cricket introduced in England
so the germans who were alredy ready to war
After all Turk revolutionalists occupied Istanbul and Abnai and declared the end of the Ottoman Empire on first of November 1922.
"Egypt , Morocco and Tunisia like countries are famous for more developed countries because of that political Islam favorers are also neglected by Arab world"
Zamra: Muslim countries
Sulawesi
Category:United net periphery
Shiekh of Islam
"After the defeat of his last rival, the leader of the Minamoto tribe of the time established his army stopover in Kamakora"
High way which is called as 50 states Behru Kahl is in the form of one piecee
9th January.
"State Usmania : proper distribution, even if a particle of sand."
collide with earth and in the result of this collusion moon came in to existence
The ball can hit the wickets directly or off the bat or any part of the body
the majority is German language in Germany
this is called TyreGartin Strauss4 which is originally berlin town Tyre Gartin building which for developement with the leadership which is hitler personal office
"The current district Faisalabad was a part of Gujranwala, Jhang and Sahiwal towards the end of the 19th century"
but till that time Afghanistan had become a powerful nation
Merchant community prospered due to increase in businesses and trade.
batsman plays defensively or aggressively depending upon the strategy of the team
"Through Sarmayi, Jakarta, Jawa and beyond the country's big city, Surabaya, Banten, Medan and Semarang 65]."
December
Theward harsal Budapest (From Hungry)
there is  also an interesting aspect of same circumstances of these Contemporaneous in the matters of  their pays and pensions is talk able that Ghalib got pension from British government and got pay from Mughal empire.
"Australia's local population who's estimate is around 350,000 at the time of the arrival of European people, reduced dramatically after 150 years."
It is also a member of the European Union
Big cities
20 November - Afghanistan President Hamad Karzai administered an oath second time as the President.
"the 3 percent of country is consist on mountains which is spread on big islands as there flat surface also the most heightest mountain of the nation is ?(Fuji) saan, to call people with respect, and it is told in some particular situation as saan also, which is high almost 3776 meter from the sea surfac"
This arts to say Kamasuthra lesson of famous.
11th August.
jawab shakko
"Nusa Tenggara and Maluku and landmasses , there different and old group preparation papua"
Dick Cheney was present at air base at the time of attack
"Taliban was give cover to these peoples and according to speech of Afghan, Taliban could be surrender to these peoples to enemy."
This shows the yazeed's real picture.
"Indonesia, officially Indonesia (accent of republic/Indani: /or/indouni: zia) (Indonesia: Republik Indonesia), is a country of southeast Asia and Oceania."
syed ahmed khan had very much love with mirza galib
The important turn in ROC's politics has been unity with China and with China's traditional independence
Asper the number of causality is available in document.
With the expansion of railway people had ease in transportation of goods and it eased the expansion of west but the fights with the Indian people kept on quickening as a result of which the local culture and the survival of local people got endangered.
he did not make anyone hurt cue to his own reason
"About 100000 Hindus and Sikhs are also there who are connected to Kabul, Kandhar and Jalalabad."
June 21 - Pakistan has defeated Sri Lanka in a match and become the winner of the second twenty twenty world cup.
"]93, international investment (in Indonesia, specially in fast developing area) and from 1989 to 1997, the Indonesian economic rate grew with the rate of 7%"
Spain
Faisalabad railway station
Two players from batting side remains inside the ground all the time.
3oo planes took part in this attack and continuously bombarded for 2 days and made drawn japan's big ocean ship before its reaching to okania before 7 April
Durrani Dynasty (1747 till 1823)
"The slogan then adopted a wonderful kingdom, however, the functional part was week"
American famous videos and dvd`s are legal and its available every places
This is tasmiyat
"Eastern areas of N.W.F.P, central areas of Sindh and northern, central and south central areas of Punjab are plain, they also have canal system and are either populated or under-cultivation."
"Now because Japan's navy was aware of the presence of American naval war bases, therefore it ordered its ships to go to the Coral sea in order to find and finish the coalition army."
At last according to references Prophet Mohammed (PBUH) passed away in May or June 632.
Government hospitals all over the world maintain a high standard but in Pakistan their condition is such that after looking at them you can see the nations declining social and cultural standing
Gadwala Park
"The burden to write, teach and spread it have been taken by a group of volunteers."
Hotel.
"Nowadays, trains go to many big cities of Pakistan such as Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad, Quetta, Peshawar and Multan from there."
"For example, if a Muslims goes to the people of Makkah, he will not be returned whereas if a Non-Muslim, after accepting Islam, goes to Medinah without the permission of his elders, he will be returned."
"French chose the country's northeastern, while the Spanish chose the southern and western regions for settlement."
Pakistan military
"When fame increased, an offer of professorship and director of the new institute and a good salary came from Berlin University which was the center of education at that time, and that Einstein accepted and came to Germany in 1914."
In Pakistan's area parahchanar high volume religious violence was started
"To increase the number of Christianity noyonak, was tried to accept Christianity but he refused."
To keep away from the people meeting is held writers noted in their novels.
"In 1617 usmania forces has also took the possession of mudeer and after that in August 1625 west England areas sessex , play mount headwin , heartland point and corn wall"
Today only 24 states of united nations were connected to democratic china
His family remains in constant state of hiding.
After president decide another ministers to go the post.
Suspension bridge
The law of West Minster of 1931 mostly terminated the constitutional relations of Britain and Australia when Australia accepted it in 1942.
Molana Abdul Aziz of Lal Mosque Islamabad Pakistan arrested during his run wearing veil
Taif (Hilly area near Makkah)
Europe
"Pakistan area of swat,Pakistan one suicide attack killed 14 inlcuding 11 military persons and injured 39"
France is among seven atomic powers of the world
"It include many small and big island of Tasmania , South Pacific ,Indian ocean ,Pacific ocean ."
BOSINA WAHARZ YAGHWWYNA
"Examples include the war against terrorism, to send politicians and journalist to jail, control on press, the reforming in religion and to crush the movement of freedom."
But he had some negative qualities which are highlighted by historians.
"To which Allama responded """"Jawaharlal! Our boats driver is only Mr Muhammad Ali Jinnah. I am only a little soldier in the army"""""
To sent the batsman to pavilion he can get caught only with the catching with hand.
Desktop Application
the ruler of India is the Indian President
Another side Japanese has got attack from america airforce by which hole town was get affected.
Invitation of ahal-kof.
In Saudi Arab Theater and Cinema is totally prohibited in place of entertainment the local cultural pro-gramme is organised.
The 36 chapters of Kamasutra chapters are further organized into 7 parts.
Japanese forces have built holes to sheltered themselves and boxes to hide themselves
I given my duty for him for his service on me.
February
February 25 - Suicide attack in Rawalpindi killed 8 people and injured 30 including President of Medical core General mushtaq baig
Flag of European Union
"Caretaker posts were constructed on all routes coming to the capital, and began to closely monitored the arms smuggling to the capital, so there aren't any possibility of rebellion."
after that one more browser came named music which first launch was 1.
Denmark
After the war of 1857 the government moved from company to British Crown.
National and International roads are also laid down.
That is Muhammad.
Sardar dao khan build relation with Russia and India
"On Dhul Qadha 5 Hijri (March 627) at the east Makka, a battle was forced on Muslims. But the Muslims, on the advise of the Respectable Salman Farsi,opted to dig and fight the confederates from a trench."
due ti this agreement Japan's president Keshi Nobosu has to resign
This Strike finished when it was seen in the agreement hanging on Kaaba that all words except the word Allah were eaten by termite.
And the lower level are Implementing protocols which actually distributes these type of messages and materials which remain on both side of applications which is actually a software
the role of NASA is so important for aerodynamic and space.
Higher Education
"Jinnah was creator of Agreement Lacknow between Muslims and congress , which was self determination , Independence against Britain and same kind of issue is a combine platform"
"In 1729, after the distribution of Carolina, and colonization of Georgia in 1732, British colonies spread to South America (apart of current Canada). And the royal colonies of east and west Florida were given the 13th rank."
Rebels and Ahya (1556-1683)
Not discolosed parts and main pages subject notices which include the permission of document
Zoya van Zung Farmer in 1368 Mongolians are pulled away by him  and declared mung kingdom and is in force up to 1644.
In 1566 Ache's (a province of current Indonesia) Sultan have called for help from Ottomans against Portuguese and with the leadership of Khizar Rais a Naval Fleet was send to Sumatra.
"the main import machinery of indonesia and saaman are shemical, fuel, and khaane are there 89 []."
It is also know as the 'genocide of Jews'.
"When Japan made the Manchoko state, it called the Lake of Khalqan as the border between the new state and Mongolia"
start
obonaga .tyotomy.Tokugawa are include in this.
The soldiers were tired of continues war.
water treasures
In this hydrogen quantity is 74% weight is 92% in volume and 24% quantity of Helium weight or volume is there
Japan is around 3000 years old.
Due to speed increase in population it was made the major city of paakistaan after lahore & karaachi.
became the member of consist on 60 people council (imperial legislative council) but this council had no power it self and the majority of its member were not elected and was the speakers of Britain languages
References:
Ushman Website
22 April
He also write about the womens medical centre and the mental institute
Afghanistan remembers one day which is itinerantly reckons
he has written one questionnaire to Christians that for one man only one marriage why?
31 May.
Japan was acknowledged among the world's five superior countries in the new world order.
12 meter and width 10 feet
"In contrast, it is also believed that the same number of German POWs died by failing to come to terms with the hardships of imprisonment during the reign of Joseph Stalin."
This was the reason that Muslims were unarmed.
especially the victory of  Sir Feroz Shah's political glorified your fame.
Hazrat Muslim Bin Aqil was forced to fight brutally and was severly injured then Muhammad Bin Ashat arrested him.
GNU is free document.
736
This is divided into two parts
"The English meaning of the word """"Internet"""" is Internet."
"When Japanese forces began to resist, the allies also mobilized their armies in the south."
Einstein Philosophy is deep rooted with  universal knowledge.
It attempted to define Armenia as a modern nation. The reforms which resulted in the Armenian National Assembly came about as individual Armenians and pressure group complained frequently for assistance against
force on rector scale: eight
The ball which uses in Test matches in English we called 'Same' to white band recently converted to green.
External link
"Your 5 words worship shall be considered to be the front core, whereas if the total number of worship words exceeds to 25, then it would be converted into another form, which could be explained as-"
"Darbar Baba Qaim, Faizabad"
It has been said that an Iranian Engineer named Eissa Shirazi prepared drawing for it. However in emperor's ledger it has been described as it was sketched by emperor himself.
They wanted to confine the Emperor in his palace by capturing the Tokyo Royal Palace.
But if we take as a black spot only will be a one aspect but another aspects is that Islam has got a turning point from there.
In 620 he went to Ascension.
this is those Next tube which was used by Tim Burners Lee in (CERN) which is world's first connection
Hunt for Murkih anbua
This software is used for any types of letter writing which is invented as like printed book.
Geography
Some sources considered that Jinnah's ancestors were belonged to  Hindu Raj puts of Siwal of Punjab who later converted to Muslim.
Clarification
France is also among the founder member of UNO and the permanent member of Security Council
Partial solar eclipse.
Law pressure and war
But both gentlemen understood the meaning of the message.
Every major city has its own newspaper and there are 2 national papers as well
Chanab club is one of the most important historical community centre of faisalabad.
"category: physics, mathematics"
"at the time of sun rising and sun setting when the sun is beneath on the sky so that time light reqires more air to reach to us, so because of that this impact gets more stronger and sun looks like light red"
"In 1904 it was given the status of a district, before that it was a Tehsil of district Jhang."
Japan despised this Chinese interference. Because this was considered another try of stopping the establishment of their influence from China.
Januaray
8th February: Reports of frontier clash between Israel and Lebanon
Japan-America mutual understanding of help and peace treaty
according to this country's relationship Fayazanu climate have helped him to become a power have played important role because in those areas those areas were dried this is more changing seasons in which rain will also fall
It keeps objecting to efforts for establishing peace in the Middle East and allegedly keeps helping the anti-Israel groups in Palestine and Lebanon.
"In fatmis time there was no schools , In Lebanon there was schools but Egypt was still not facilitated"
Nuclear strikes had irreparably damaged Japan.
"the few names are navab Mohammed jiyaudeen, navab zanual abdeen, zulfikar khan, etc."
salah uddin took over on noor uddin as his works
Over
12 September
August 21
Map of Saudi Arabia
"In 1948, Mr. Jinnah suddenly died."
Human rights violation laws introduced
"During that time of decadence Judah Solomon Alkai, a Serb Jew, proposed the return to Zion and the theory of the freedom of Israel."
24 February - National Assembly nominated Fidel Castro's brother Raul Castro as the president.
"By 26th August the strength of the Japanese forces had reached 13,500 personal."
REFERENCE
Man of faith
District Nankana Sahib is situated in the east.
Turkic language
Later the Major somehow met the President and explained to him on his experience.
"people who think Urdu as their native language they do not accept Hindi as their native language ,and same like the opposite."
America came to know that they want to defeat Japan they have to make their out power more strong for this aim from February to November 1943 mid time they think of increase there international power
"In the entire history of Hindustan, there was no person who was loved so much by Muslims"
Numerous red indians were killed or went to other areas
schleswig holstein
"In 1943, Quaid e Azam came to Faisalabad and he spoke to a great gathering of people"
Imam Hussain death news of ask all poples are cried.
At last in 1918 the she was divorced on a condition that if husband gets Nobel Prize then the prize money will belong to Mileva and husband will financially support the children
after this was also think that this german War prisoner Joseph Stalin during the period of his government have not accepted the to stop
according to one caliph quotation prophet(p.b.u.h) before his wafaat he said that his illness is due to that poison which were given to him in Khyber
Uranium
11 January-Islamic year 1429 Hijri was started
In that era Constitution of Pakistan was tabulated and implemented with the consent of all political parties of the dear country.
This was the first war in history in which air craft were employed in the battle field.
It is actually composed of the two different broken words International and Network.
The people at the top of the mountain while thinking that they had won left their places and either started following the non believers or collecting the bounty of war
Belarus
The appointment of Prime President was made by Sultan himself.
Sixty four people killed.
People
In spite of that Einstein was popular in Germany (Except for some extremists of right arm)
The big gathering of forces had begun their journey from Europe and besieged the harbor of Akah that completed the entire preparation. However reinforcement was continuing for  the Crusaders.
Mirza Ghalib actual name was Asad ullah baig khan
tabulation and modify
Muhammad Ali Jinnah
The improvement in Turk-Greek relations was a big factor in European Assembly's willingness during its December 1999 session to sympathetically consider Turkish request to join the European Union.
Category: Iranian plateau
In west there are mountain ranges with borders of Turkey and Iraq.
"During the era's of Saleem and Sulaiman, the Usmani empire was the worlds strongest navy, which captured many areas of the Roman sea"
"The chief minister of provincial government told this as an American attack, but according to federal government these deaths is because of a bomb explosion while creating bombs."
"Talfan - 196,400"
He took oath of his post on 16 May.
mother name was hazrat amina bint vahb who belongs to qabile bani zehra and was the daughter of vahb bin abd manaf bin qasi bin kalab
Tradition of Iran: Tradition of Pashtu and Islam
Zamra: Jalibin's History
It is considered to be the biggest internal political crisis of Japan after World War II.
"Shortage of food in Poland or self made drought , violation rules of health safety and to deprive the nation with medical facilities was also included in the priorities of Germany's plan makers."
The part of the field where batsman place there bat in english it is called off side and the area where batsman back is called on side
Romania
There are more than 200 Phd's in the agricultural university itself
"In 1997, hong Kong was given back to China by the British and in 1999 Macau was returned by Portugal"
As long the number are increasing for those who are accepting Islam local tribes and leader where thing about the danger
An American missile attack in Pakistan has killed several people including children.
and safe them from being buried in that Regzaar Ajam
Southern and Eastern Slavia
"if the first period  of Muslim traders were travel to south east Asia,in Indonesia population fast proof north Samatra 13th century history 19[] other Indonesian areas have sloly accept the Islam and it was big religion in Java"
it was 9 moharram ul haram's day
Most of buildings factories were made of wood.
"After so many resolution was unfavour and for sadam Hussein not to through his weapon , america and there alias attack on Iraq in 2003"
all the 8 bazaars area was 110 Acre.
"According to one Survey ,because of the bombs  and other 70,000 people died and as the time passes the number reached to one lakh and becuse of cancer and other diseases two lakh people died."
"Before this, this name was never kept"
this is the reason that always big powers tried to keep this place under their control
"Foundation  for beach,Roads,Railway lains thake place because of this Finance of the country increased more."
"Other culture include Mesopotemia, Sindh, Maya and Egyptian culture"
"42 [] marki is in position after 1998, improved in deepyar rule 47 [] DPD meetings a new room"
He got married to his First wife Mileva Maric in 1903
"Second: Engage in dialogue with USA to soften up their terms, and Third: Engage with western powers militarily."
Though the Japanese in a big attack over the American tanks were able to destroy 22 tanks and killed 750 Americans
zamrah Territory
26th June.
The number of great people who had signed the declaration was 56.
19 resigned whereas 3 were hung
"Impressed upon the love of Shiva and Parvathi, he had logged the the returning of their affair."
The office of the Secretary General
The outcome of this battle was one that got introduced this kind of weapons.
Since Korea and China is neighbor country of Japan. So it affects the Japan.
Abdullah stopped him proceeding further. He gave him the message from Mohamed bin Ash'ad which informed him of the killing of Muslim bin Aqeel in Talbi.
That night forty men after ambushing the Japanese force returned to the jungle.
Salahuddin ruled for total 20 years
There were many reasons for the deteriorating situation in the country. Another reason for the decline was the increase in nationalism
"Microeconomics: Individual economic analysis is performed in this branch, such as the analysis of a person, factory, partner, consumer or house etc."
this name was kept by his grandfather Abdul Mutallib
In cricket fielders cannot wear gloves .
"The time when Japanese navy was being informed of this, Enterprise's codebreaker intercepted the message that enemy had been informed of our presence."
Elder son went to America on becoming adult
Belarus
"The leader , Camorihas started there way to cayoto and after that married with the prince of his state"
"After consulting his council, Salahuddin allowed the Christians to visit the Dome of the Rock"
From which new score target set
Saudi Arab Wisdom
"A four year agreement with the crusader lord Reynold was reached by that time which forced both sides to help each other, but this agreement was largely ceremonial and ineffective."
The emperor Hirohito had also made no change in its opinion and on 21 July he clarified through his adviser Koichi Kido that at any cost Japan will be defended.
compliments
Photograph taken by the artificial satellite
"In there are mostly Urdu news papers are printed in which Roznama Jung,nuviy Waqt and Milat is there"
"Wet area fast complete farming of rice , eighth century BCE like , 14() permission in village, towns, and smaller states, the growth of first century"
One of it's reason is attractive program for immigrants is also included.
"Due to fight between Jackrez and passengers fourth airplane destroyed in Pennsylvania,Shaankasol."
List of Saudi Arab's Colleges and Universities.
"However, political instability, slow economic reform, and corruption at all levels of government and business, have slowed the recovery.Transparency International ranked Indonesia 143rd out of 180 countries in its 2007 Corruption Perceptions Index."
"February 4, Gathering of Preaching Party in Bangladesh"
Jinnah Garden (Company Garden)
14 September - Due to American Drone attack 4 persons were killed in North Waziristan.
Summer Olympics of year 2008 which is called ' Games of the XXIX Olympiad will be held at Beijing.
For centuries China remained world's most developed nation and eastern Asia's cultural center whose effects eminent to date.
In those period the transportation was very difficult so this was the main reason.
Pakistan Times
"And for the result George W. Bush leadership , american government has open so many military and law operation against the world"
above to understand the jump method here it can be said that as some qaari is reading a book if it is required he can go to other page also and if some part of the book looked non connected so he can go to other page also
Communist party has the dominance over Republic of China whereas the Republic of China is inclining towards Democratic China.
Your desire joint to Account. About yourself Introduce.
"Its name was kept as Faisalabad in 1985 under the name of the Saudi prince, Shah Faisal bin Abdul Aziz al Saood"
world wide web+log= blog
the more evidence of that period was got from the digging of 1992 which was done for in the north of anshook for base ball stadium
Summer starts from April and ends till October.
the misaaq-e-madina can be given the first human written democracy
The provincial government called it an American attack but the federal government said that the deaths happened when a bomb which was being prepared exploded
Hazrat Abdullah son of Jaffer Tayyar
After letting Einstein in an boarding school in 1894 His father with his family move to Italy.
"In fact, the term 'computer' was used for a person who could calculate (refer to 'human computer'), and mostly that person used to achieve this goal with the help of some mathematical device, i.e, the calculator, or some other basic measurement instrument."
Sarqista
At last the small caravan landed on the field of Karbala on 2nd Moharram ul Haram 61 Hijri accordingly on 2nd October 680.
Because of there village culture they were named as the biggest village of Asia but after the some time it became a biggest city and now it is after Lahore and Karachi is the biggest city in the world
These corrections which were made in the name of advancement were actually a way to reduce the influence of religion
Affin was mixer in more quantity that no one suceeded from it.
"Adartha is heavy, almost 80 percent rain fall"
category
There are many other traditional sports.
Total runs scored by a team is called score
Imam Hussein was in the mode of sorrow.
"Continuing with his conquests, he also seized Al Ahsa, Qateef, remaining parts of Najd, and Hijaz (which included the cities of Mekkah and Medina) between 1913 and 1926."
till the 18th century the word Holocaust was used for such incidents where people were tortured and killed on a large scale
Later on Isayo found out that there were more than one sects in Christainity
"But in 1933, a student of Kabul killed him, after which his 19 year old son, Zahir Shah became the king"
MySQL
Muslim era lasted till Ahmad Shah Durrani(Abdali) (642 AD to 1747 AD)
"Hamberg 1,734,752 people"
"America had thought of targeting Kyoto, Hiroshima Yokohama and Kokoro for atomic attack."
The hunters and herdsmen in multitude in that group.
first world war fought in 1914 to 1918 which has a very bad history
We suggest this license particularly giving the reference or term type of works.
Both of above mentioned organizations competed with google for a long time and their positions changing but google has proved itself in the market of internet and no one can be seen in this field for a long time.
"Many different native tribes settled in America earlier then the Europeans ,amongst them  the tribesmen of Alaskawho started selling here 35000 to 11000 earlier"
Japan realizing this that in front of united forces their power was ill there in march only the Japanese commander have observed this in Okinawa Aeshma airfield and to reduce the military complex were becoming a problem that's the present Airfield on beach was destroyed because their force weapons shoul
"In 1175, at the age of 13, he was enthroned to power."
This is happen that with browser one http request was sent to the browser that either with last download is there is any change happened or not?
these all natural resources could;t use due to continually war.
first twenty/20 world cup was invented in South Africa which is held in every 2 years
February
"The hard work of labor creates the value in things, but he do not get his permissible part, and the capitalist snatches the most part of production and profit."
Iqbal and Al-lama Sar Muhammad
"Lord Belford, when he became the British Prime Minister in 1905, thought that if Christians turn to Britain from Russia due to the killing there"
Armed forces
The two sons of another revolutionary were disappeared after arrest.
This culture was at it it's high before 26 century B.C to 19 century B.C and it was calculated in most religious of that time
"Two effects came in front of this exhibition in which they showed American artists that art is an expression of one's thoughts and this does not represent literature or realism and along with this, also showed that Europe has left its old thoughts when criticize the work of artists, in which artists had"
this council works from commission and committee
"Jinnah Garden, Faisalabad"
Category: Languages
Moksha: Freedom
"At 884 meters (16,024 ft), Puncak Jaya in Papua is Indonesia's highest peak, and Lake Toba in Sumatra its largest lake, with an area of 1,"
"Communist writers, such as Maxim Gorky and Vladimir Mavakochov remained very prominent during that period."
"Third time period is indeed the time period of real development in Economics, during which the basis of modern Economics were laid and Economics was given the status of a separate subject."
Muhammad the third
"Most of the evidence of that era was found in a digging in 1992 which was being conducted for the construction of a Baseball Stadium in the Amori area, north of Hanshu."
German Field Marshall Vaan powels had no other resort but to ask his hungry troops to throw down their weapons
"Besides this a political philosopher, Shumai Okawa was also punished"
"Other important cities include Izmir, Borsa, Adana, Trabzon, Gaziantep, Arzeh Rome, Kayseri, Izmit, Konya, Mersen, Eskisehir, Diyarbakir, Anatolia and Samson."
"7th July-7 blasts in one hour in Karachi, 2 died, 51 injured."
Empires also changes their sides after the end of each over.
"The most precious things of the world one time each, before Indonesia ,were returned to other European newly-lived forces."
"On 9th April, i Karachi there are Dissolved,60 cars , many build would burned ,and 6 people burnt alive."
Early Period
"The Japenese economy needed to create 250,000 jobs every year"
December 19
On the north west there is also high plateau found which is barren and desert like Takla House and is spread in the Gobi desert more.
"category:universities of saudi Arab,college and educational institute"
Syed Ahmad khan got family pension from Mughal empire and got pay from British government.
East Jawa Timur () -- (Surabaya
According to B.B.C. The Saudi Prince Bandar Bin Sultan is accused in corruption.
March 25-  New Zealand Cricketer Stephen Flemming retires from test cricket.
"When the word Shia singularly used, it is then known to be describing of Murad Shiyani Ali bin Abu Talib who stood behind Ali bin Abu Talib during the time of difficulties and took the leadership of Ali wholeheartedly."
Book of Contents
Category: International Organizations
"Thirty five people were arrested due to suicide attack in court in Quetta, city of Pakistan"
"Among other events of genocide, people's lives were spared after they changed their religion or adopted another faith, but the Jews of occupied Europe didn't even enjoy this relief during the Holocaust."
In 1921 he visited american with Chaim Weizmann and get donation for shoniat he gives speech on different part of the country
Meaning that the birth place of one of those two contemporary intellectuals had been a place of residence for the other.
A day before April
Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province
Later its name was changed to European Community.
Hazrat Imam Ali
On 5th April South korea experiment Rocket.
abni zayyad called and said to bring Muslims and hani refused and they were beaten during imprisonment
Actually even they had great admiration
"In Europe, France's neighbouring countries include Belgium, Luxemborg, Germany, Switzerland, Italy, Monaco, Andorra and Spain"
"Fifteen thousand people became homeless in Baluchistan in hurricanes, flood and continuous rain."
4 November -
History
"In the court, the judges who were present were from Australia, Canada, China,British India, Holland, New Zealand, Philippines, Britain, America and Soviet Union."
At last in 1612 Christian given in statement to control this.
Large number of Christians were included in this army.
January 22- The solar eclipse will be the longest of this century.
"In 1960, President John F Kennedy announced that America would be the first to send someone to the moon and this happened in 1969"
Revolutionary thoughts have been ingrained in their thoughts
11 august
At that time there was many political parties came into being
Canada city cubic cast assembly got selected
qalid bin walid who became muslim recentl availed it attacked on muslim from back
In the History of human Hitler got majority by being dictatorand the national socialist parties president In 1930 after the election.
The nuclear attacks had caused irreparable damage to Japan
"Greece gained independence during this time in 1892. Even reforms could not stop the nationalistic sentiments. In 1875, Serbia, Montenegro, Bosnia, Vilachia and Moldova also announced their independence. After the Russian Turk war in 1877, Serbia, Romania and Montenegro gained independence"
and apart from these they are the target of that kat putlis government who was supporting to naazis like example government of keroshia's asaas governmentwhere where the big numbers of died took place in jasionovik camps
This war which took place around the mountain of Uhad was called Ghazva Uhad
Severe Earthquake in Indonesia
August 14.
In case of sending the ball out of the ground batsman automatically get 4 or 6 runs
Chapter 4: Going through loneliness
Indian religious institutions teach in Urdu and Arabic.
Legal systems elaborate rights and responsibilities in a variety of ways. A general distinction can be made between civil law jurisdictions
the incident was that japanese force in the north Marco started their training operations in the nights in 1937
It also arranges for ladies mental hospital & hospitals.
Abdul Majeed the First
Where he got died after few months
It completes one round in 0 million years.
"Both countries agreed to not signing any political agreement with Russia, and Germany also accepted the Mancho area under Japans rule"
"As a result of the World War, the devision of the Usmani empire started 13 days after the captivity of Palestine on 30th October 1918, through an agreement"
Both parts of Korea announced their legality
"Here German and Czech personnel had tensions among them on national and language issues therefore after spending only one year here, he came back to the Zurich University as a Full Professor in 1912."
The functional components can be divided into three categories.
in that period with the permission of every party the aaien Pakistan was imposed and implementation
He hated Pakistan.
"In 1942, Australia made USA its new ally and helper due to Britain's defeat in Asia and later, the danger of Japanese invasion."
5 - 25.
The following offices are included in the secretariat of the United Nations.
From this trading roads and the tax collected from this that he become the biggest economic power
"After his departuer, Imam Hussein's cousin Abdullah Ibn Jafar brought his two sons Auwn and Mohammed to bid farewell."
After that jarkanar name one more group from south east to Mangols and defeat him and become a king
Category: African Countries
Venus: Gregorian calendar.
"The first book formally published with this name was Alfred Marshall's 'Principles of Economics', which was published in 1890."
but due to some Islamic areas there are also different civilisations
"We have created it for the rules of free software, because free software needs free documentation: A free software have to come along with independent ownership, as software do."
and before 100 years this place was consist on trees and indoor animals nourishment place
people
Hyper Text Markup Language has the status of mark up language in computer education which is prepared to design the web pages  present on the web and to put other information on  web browser.
"On 7th December, 1941, Hitlers document """"night and fog"""" was published which was implemented by Nazi ruler William Kettle. As a result stories of kidnapping of political figures started to appear"
Invaded China twice and 18
Robert Moriss and Philip Levingstone also had to pass these kind of circumstances.
education
"Iqbal, Allama Sir Muhammad"
After listen this poetry and one Jewish stand up and said that i am from hazrat mosa's family
"Besides these recently Martial Arts, Table Tennis, Bddminton and now Golf are also becoming famous."
effected or death quantity imagine it was more
"14 plains were missing there while the death toll is expressed to 100 thousand. However in a latter conducted American survey they described it to 88,000."
"The basic source of such ideals is Cairns' famous book, General Theory."
And it can be called the birth of Network technology.
Most of them were related to Pakistan
"At there great positions period(16th to 17th century)this government was spread on three big continents and south west Europe,east center and north Africa's most part was under it's custody"
American revolution and the beginning of democracy
July 2
This light only come on earth and we get energy.
There was so much disaster that no one even left for protest
twenty-four January
"In 1579, Francies Drake entered the western coastal areas off the gulf of San Fransisco and established a British settlement"
The convocation of Vicky Meina Conference in Taiwan.
"in the same period muslim were ordered to perform namaz towards kaaba, before that muslim use to do namaz towards bait ul muqqaddas"
The rate of increase of population of that time was more than a million per year
"Kunduz - 264,100"
contacts with Iraq
This is the sea.
"All legal systems deal with the same basic issues, but each country categorises and identifies its legal subjects in different ways."
Content
When peace prevailed he continued his  speech and said:
According to that faction     beleif Ismail bin Jafar is their last Imam.
category: free
This is being thought that in australia from 200-300 historical languages are their when european came here
"According to the traditions, he passed away in month of May or June in 632 A.C."
Saudi Arabia has an open say in Pakistan's matters
Most evidences about this era were found in 1992 in the northern area of Hanshoo while the construction of a baseball stadium was taking place
"In these conditions, the chances of Syed Ahmed Khan meeting Ghalib in Delhi would have been rare, however, there are numerous evidences of literary exchanges between Ghalib and Syed Ahmed Khan which point to their mutual relationship."
This is maximum 5 words.
Academies that were made from royal donations were made which used to discuss on the writings of classical matters by chirography and printing
He presented Fourteen Points for the protection of political rights in independent Hindustan.
The nuclear strike on Hiroshima
his parent gave him his name as Muhammad Iqbal.
Iqbal and the western culture
Syed Ahmed Khan extra ordinarily revered Ghalib.
Pakistan's economy relied on agriculture earlier.
Chinese had taken this war as the 'War to defend against Japan'.
translation: this time one of mankind's most parsih was abolished and with it his family lost all men except imaam zainulaabideen bin husain (who due to illness couldnot prticipated in war) and imaam mohammed baaqar bin ali at that time were children.
Category: The Muslim Personalities.
It has been used since thousands of years before the 19th century by literate Chinese
13 March - Government stations thousands of police officers across the country to stop the Long March
In big majority police force were called
The fire everywhere left nobody on earth
"To its West are Turkey and Iraq, where with its borders there is mountainous terrain"
The weather of Turkey is like traditional weather of Mediterranean where dry and hot summer and cold and wet winter occurs but this weather occurs in barren areas and in more hard areas.
Category: Google
Mecca (Islam's holiest place)
The computer reads those instructions by means of its memory and then it does the execution in the same order in which they were given.
"In one American drone attack, Al-Qaeda's senior leaders Usama al-Kini and Sheikh Ahmed Saleem Swedan were killed."
The attempts were made to separate the Jews from the religion.
the view of earth from the apollo star
Ancient age the area was the center Greeks and French wars
In may 1993 Suleman Demurral became a President
8 February - News of border clashes between Israel and Lebanon.
"Cricket is very famous in the Southern Asia countries like India, Pakistan, Bangladesh and Srilanka."
In 1335 king godaigo and general ashi the conflict started when nakasendai rebels to destroy them after king order when to eastern Japan
India's map in Urdu
Means Five
British meditator
"Landlords refused to pay taxes, which considerably decreased the government revenue and increased poverty. Therefore, the Kamakura regime became unbalanced and began to grow weak with each day."
February 15 - Pakistan Taliban declare stop war in swat area for 10 days
"They reached Indonesia around 2000 BCE and the way it expanded through archipelago, till that the ethnic Melasanian people had arrested 13 [] standard agricultural conditions and"
After the second World War European countries wants to live with peace and wants to help each other's economy.
PHP-GTK for desktop to PHP-GTK some new versions to use ful for PHP-GTK with go.
"some areas of France out of sea cross north and east America, located on Indian ocean"
580 in Christ age cheen separate  suyi.
One of Qandahars paintings (1848) which has Ahmed Shah's castle and Ahmed Shah's constructed Qandahar Fort
"China had to face dispersal twice, however, conferential did not occur and became victim to the inertial circumstances"
Jakarta -- Jakarta
khadija was one of the richest and most respected women of the quraish tribe.
Captain of the Sea
Qam Province
Right after the British government starts the treatment of colony with its colonies.
Childhood
"The army has about 233,"
"This is free wiki website, which means anyone can make a change in the page of any article by clicking on the link """"Edit the page"""""
Beautiful places
Province Harmazghan
"vensiya is on sea shore which is called dunes, which is mudflats and the shore and algal is spread over there."
"Now japan forces are very dejected and suspicious and they have the policy to kill every one , looted and destroy every thing and commit a war crime on massive level"
Naval of Korea had effective defense of the oceanic areas with his new naval ships.
Saeed ahmed khan elder brother saeed muhammad khan died in delhi that the ghalib was wrote before 31 december 81
"post office used to release the nation betray orders the wealth minister took all the amlaak of yahudi, german business organisations took out all the yahudis from jobs, the yahudi investors made isolate from investment, yhahudis were fired from schools and colleges who already was getting education in "
"As per 2005 population of Saudi Arabia is 26.4 million, in which 5.6 million are from other countries"
Capesa
Important Ghazwas and wars are given below.
this well fill u pd by mud brought from Chak Ram Diwali  situated  on Sargodha road.
Burytu and taku came from Mexico.
"In order to complete the run, the batsmans bat or any part of the body has to have crossed the line and be on the ground"
"Main articles: Fauna of Indonesia, Flora of Indonesia, and Environment of Indonesia"
1 April
The sun revolves - light years away from the center of the galaxy Jada Share.
"Similarly the stone used in the watchtowers construction was brought from a mountain named Sangla Hills, 50 kilometres away"
Balance keep on another page immediately.
"like one state,power will have on central government"
imam hussian journey to kofah
"On 29 May 1453, at the age of 21 years, the young Sultan Mehmet II conquered Constantinople, bringing an end to the Byzantine Empire, and with that great victory, he made that city into his new headquarter."
BEsides this in other countries as well
On 16th of November 2007 the chairman of senate Mr Muhammad Mian Soomro sworn as the interim prime minister.
"Japan sought permission to enter Indochina and on 22 September 1940 an agreement was made the Vichy French government and Japan and according to it, Japan was allowed to strengthen their own position and embark their goods."
the boss of vilayat bel rebe pasha and the governor of district is called sanjaq be
politica
"In Dec 2005 bought 1% share of renowned America OnLine AOL for one billion dollars $1,000,000,000"
wheel
Province - Khagiloya and Boyramad
The theory of relativity is approved.
"Outside Europe, the French states meet Brazil, Surinam and Netherlands"
Istagasa presented witnesses on 15 occasions
Death
moulana rumi born and education of city to palak.
"On the 8th of November, thunderstorms came and torrential rains happened"
Pakistan's capital Islamabad is located 360 Kilometers away from it on North direction.
Not a single person in the history of India has passed who has got such love from Muslims
Many countries of the world it is the Secondary or government language
But the fielders name is written on the scorecard in a bracket
"Afghanistan has a deep cultural, historical and religious influence from the neighbouring countries"
"In the mosque of the 14th century, the Saljoki arts is prominent everywhere. An apt example of this is the mosque of Brusa"
countless lawyers have been beaten when they were protesting.
Data gram
Bermuda triangle is the name of a place situated in Atlantic ocean.
normally ball bounces before reaching to the batsmen who defends its wicket
The area where bat is there is known as off side and if he plays the shot in the leg region  it is known as on side.
"""""What is the meaning of Pakistan, There is no God but Allah"""" was the famous slogan of this movement."
The real incomprehensibility: Indonesia's Politics
Games
first one to united on something and second is support some body or follow some body
In these clashes five thousand soldiers of Japanese army were killed and shortage of weapons and explosives was felt.
Faisalabad is called the city of scientists because a number of PHD scientist live here  comparatively other cites.
"One after the other, the great emperors contributed to expanding the boundaries of the empire. Amongst these, Selim-I, is worth mentioning, who focused on eastern and southern frontiers and defeated Shah Ismail Safavi of Safavid Empire in the battle of Chaldiran and established the Ottoman governance in"
"means actually, internet is depend on international co-ordination and exchanging the plots"
"29 plains when they took place in the air, out of which 279 plains bombarded approximately 1700 ton of bombs."
saleem third
"At the same time, British government treated her colonies in the true sense of the word."
PHP programming education on world wide web school.
This region was declared the capital of Lower Chenab colony and was later given the status of Municipality.
"When a client wants to access a web page or any other resource on the world wide web, he/she usually begins with writing the website's URL into the web browser. It is also possible for he/she to access that page via hypertext."
"under the mastership of mustafa kamaal the national tahereek announced on 23 April 1920 in inqra (national high assembly), which was refused to accept osmani kingdom and iternational capture in turkey"
Master Tara Singh
They belong to Irani Pasdarani Revolution
After finishing 1950 war both people stopped any technical problem.
Agency.
9 August 3.47 A.M America was ready.
Tourism of Pakistan
this wicket is not written in anybody's name.
In between 1942 historian of Jerusalem Benzon Deenear (Dinaberg) through the united relief committee of Poland published a book and used the word Soha to show the efforts to end the jews from Europe and this was portrayed as an accidental calamity and a new condition for jews from which jews have never 
Newspaper: Jang
All power goes to supreme leader
66 Peoples died in a car bomb blast in Iraq's city of Karbala.
is the founder of this
Pakistan's capital Islamabad is 360 kilometers away from it in North direction.
Using this as a Japanese air and naval base Major General Horii would employ Japanese air and naval forces to attack and capture Port Moresby
participation of thirty lakhs persons.
"Shae Source category (uniform resource locator) is a special set of characters, Is known as management (resource) and urls are different for showing the results."
Before the Presidential elections of 2004 in which the people were directly elected as President and Prime Minister [43] the president can work for a maximum of 2 tenors of 5 years each [44]
After this it remained part of the Persian Empire for a long time
After the war according to the agreement of Sewaray the victories forces divided state of Usmania and divided among themselves.
in this condition imam hussain went to mecca
The German army pledged that they would wipe out Poland from the world map.
Category: Central countries
"Making the strategy for the team, changing the bowlers, putting the fielders in right place, means it is captain's duty to takes all the important decisions."
some part given from the article tasdiq or the article which does not reflect and came from non tagaiur pazir is not new name
"There was a big loss to the Muslims side. But, the Infidels had gone back so they decided to return."
The last king who himself led all his army during his entire tenure.
The innings of a team comes to end when all of its players got out either by facing the fixed number of balls or by announcing the cease of batting.
Various different-minded personnel infiltrated the art and literature and performed many unique experiments.
Nagina Cinema
"A festival was organized during the Armory Show held in New York in 1913, in which the work done by European modernist artists for America was brought to the fore, which not only shook the people but also left its impact on the remainder of twentieth century."
In 47 years Faisalabads population has grown 1000 times which means an annual average of 21.
mongol also accepted Islam later and Timur established a big kingdom
at meeting at 2:30 it was discuss mainly to through the weapon by Japan but after 3 hour discussion nothing decided
wisemanwho was Israel president was from metropolis
Japan and the Southeast Asia
do the compare in population.
6th March.
national news
Area towards there are checked and smuggling on weapons to the captial there was a special check that any kind of rebellion should be checked
This institution main services was Adsense and publishing where consumer can show to there website and ask Google for compensation
"Other reputable estimates vary between 1,960,582 km2 (756,985 sq mi)and 2,240,000 km2 (864,869 sq mi). The kingdom is commonly listed as the world's 15th largest state."
Opposing this decision some soldiers established rebellion between the nights of 14th and 15th of August.
Category: binary code
Kenzy economics is depend on the views of John Maynard Keynes
"American army attacked on Pakistan's area North and South Waziristan and bombed from aircrafts, and killed 32 people."
"In order to stop Imam Hussains arrival, Ibn Ziyad sent Har bin Yazid"
"Before the war, in the Nazi Germany, the opposing Jewish Body of Laws on German's application of ethnic administration and legal press mark"
For one run batsman runs to the opposite wicket.
"United Arab Emirates(13%, 600,000)"
one day the divisional commander had a meeting with all official about the issue
in these details the law of physics got not valid and to be involved of external life in these incidents like thinking are found
"This new organisation was from america, vensiya and which large number of people was benefited in all respects."
"If the modified version contains the new Front Meter or the supplementary parts which are acceptable as the secondary parts and do not contain any copied portion from the document, then it depends upon you to declare them as unmodified."
This  Same type of sacrifice is faced by all the freedom fighters.
February
"According to the statistics presented by Hillburg, 3 million Jews died in Poland."
"Salahuddin Ayubi stopped his other activities and stood up against this war waged by Rayanld, he then executed him and burnt him there in Hattin only"
today it was partial solar eclipse that was seen in many countries including Pakistan.
"As per Clause No.5 of this agreement, Japan has controlled its action itself that it will honor all commitments by peaceful manner and Avoidance Of Litigation."
"Include a permission letter immediately, which according to the below conditions gives permission for the use of the changed version publicly."
"Jalalabad - 168,600"
category: ahle tashi
In that period one powerful group Yamato was also there that's why so many west historians called it as a period of Yamato
in 1855 sir syed published the famous book aain akbari again of thr period of akbar-e- azam
"vokow, amori, maivgy, akitha, yamagatha, fokoshima, yabaraki, pochigi, konama, chiyathama, jia, Tokyo, yamanashin, etc."
Cricket is such a sport which is based on 11 players and is played among two teams
"Since the Islamic revolution in 1979, Iran is determined to their instance that the existence of Israel is illegal."
Political and economic pressures kept on mounting inside Japan.
Japanese troops reached the region at 3 AM on 8 July.
in 1967 Arab and Israel war Bait ul muqaddas were conquered by Jews
The northern part of the island i.e. Turk part is not a member of the European Union.
because of pollution is historical miracle is affecting
The head of cabinet is Prime minister.
You (PBUH) departured Medina on 25 Zeeqad (February 632)
The Christian world had till then never ever gathered such a big force in its history.
The batsman can make a run any time after the ball has been delivered
Every match is divided into two innings wherein one team come bat and the other team bowl.
55 Climate and Soldiers 233
One time batting is called Innings in English
"I believe that for the sake of independence for the  people of hindustan, he is become strong enough to face the cruelty from both the British Monarch and Hindu Radical groups."
For this standard new history a personality
The 2 opium wars with the British had loosened the Kings grip
"After the war, on behalf of the British command in 1880 obtained values of Abdul Rehman Afghanistan Kabul but will External things go in the British section"
and samatra in till the end of 16 century
"Apart from these rehabilitation institutes for mentally ill, an estimated 20,000 (according to George Reno, the director of the center for easy death established in Schowilshurthem) or 400,000 (according to Frank Zerez, the Commandant of Mothousingosen concentration camp) -"
the big result of this incident was the charector of imam hussain who has became the example for forever
Obstruct the Field-- When batsman deliberately obstruct the fielder of other team from picking or fielding the ball
Here in a beautiful natural environment he started his researches that were now to discover the united theory of all the natural powers.
Marks was thing about economic issue with the group deliberation
Now these pabulums have become an essential part of American food.
in Afghanistan an important commander was killed
In Pakistan total higher education is also in English.
"Provincial officers were answerable to Prime President, while the Prime President was answerable to the Sultan, but Sheikh al Islam was answerable only to God and used to perform each duty according to Sharia."
the modern economics also is identical like that in which sources are used as per the requirments
Chenab Club
Country few area are nominated for this purpose and no change should be made for this
The total death toll could not be confirmed.
"Theories from 14th century and later, 18th century, such as 'mercantilist views', are included in the second time period, while Adam Smith's ideas and the ideas after him are included in the third time period."
Apart from this almost from twenty thousand to two lakh people were treated like this
Iranian City
"As a result, European Union made Cyprus its member in the same divided state on 1st May."
The farms were distributed among the tribal people for agriculture.
Bowler rolls his arm at the time of bowling and throw the bowl from above his shoulder and hits it on the ground
Islams education is the cornerstone of Saudi Education
Here new vocational persons are made.
Shayk-ul-Islam's authorities were very huge and to understand this by a point that his opinion is necessary to order of the King and the King order is not possible without his opinion.
Reform Midhat Pasha and after the first support of Ottoman parliament in 1876 Abdul Hamid II's (Rule: 1876 to 1908) trust has been lost from Navy.
IBTANGARI.
This region is not very far away from Vladivostok.
Takasaki agreement which resulted Japan agreeing to provide financial aid to China in procuring items for erecting industries and also allowing China to open its Trade mission in Tokyo.
Japanese naval forces we advancing towards Tulagi and the allied forces did not show any aggression in order to minimise any losses to themselves.
Weather to turkey is similar to Bahira Rome where hot weather will be dry most and cold weather will be most moist so that this weather in arid region will be more hard
"Animals are a major group of mostly multicellular, eukaryotic organisms of the kingdom Animalia or Metazoa. Their body plan eventually becomes fixed as they develop, although some undergo a process of metamorphosis later on in their life"
edition
Category:Federal Countries
this contract has get manzare am bartanvi ruse and valandaze also tell thet with him also do the same contract.
"Adhering to this work ethic, Google provided as much free services to its customers as was possible for it. Most of the enterprises that it bought out were those who sold their merchandise to the customers, such as Keyhole Incorporated's computer program Earth-Viewer, which Google bought along with the "
This regime is known as Bakofu.
You will make sure that (1) My dresses and bed is fine and clean.
"On the Topic's page, the writers , one or more persons or personalities who are responsible for the production of the Altered version of the document, along with the document's at least five bigger (principle ) Producers' ( if there are less than five then all of them ) names list should be there, unles"
"According to the basic rules of 1992, Saudi Arabia will be rules by the children of Abdul Aziz ibn Saud and Quran is the basis of the country's constitution and law"
The famous distributors are :
With flood it was difficult to get out forces
"If the borders of Egypt are seen the Libya lies west, Sudan in South, Red sea in the east, Palestine in north-east and Mediterranean ocean in north."
After the big war was finished the divided china in two part.
"With the great expansion of their naval and air fleets, America got ahead of Japan, whereas the back of Japanese navy has weakened"
in the place of jazre mantaq is there atis fasanie jazare which is more than 1500 mill means 2400 kilometers or in this six long  or darjan small planets also is there.
east turkey has 1 degree celcius
it was told in that report that taj mahal is affecting due to growing pollution
Francis Lewis (Francis Lewis )house also smashed like this
Category: Islamic democracy's
21 August
Astonia
"6 May - A suicide attack at Banu Chauki, 10 deaths were reported killing 3 policemen and 7 other lives"
"Indonesia's 1945 In was 4 changes 41[]system,court and law branches created better 42[]Indonesia's president"
We have to save millions and billions of people
Pretty much every grounded US plane - whose number is estimated at 155 - was destroyed.
On the other side buddhism que named citizen country has a loved period started and make country in there under
"This party was established in the year 1955, when Liberal Party led by Mr. Yoshida Shipper and Japan Democratic Party led by Mr. Ichihiro Hatoyama were merged with each other."
"Now the news of German forces putting their weapons down started spreading like wildfire, and finally on 8th May, the Allied forces declared victory"
five years old boy Heda yuri do not have any power main power was in the hands of other leaders
"When it was started, Yahoo has the monopoly on the market, while MSN was right behind it."
In the computer this can be saved as a data and it is called crux of the von Neumann.
"But like baseball, the batsman does not have to hit the ball in order to run"
Topic: Europe
Category : History of Islam
office of the conference service
in 2008 Students with disabilities may be able to apply for awards intended for people with disabilities. This may be disabilities in general or in relation to a specific disability
"5% of Taiwanese population is supportive of other religions such as Islam, Judaism and other religions."
seenai is a Name
Ka'b ibn al-Ashraf killed by his relative Abu Naila.
"constrainedly, Muslim bin Aqeel took refuge in an old lady's house. But the son of that old lady gave the information to Ibn e Ziad himself in the greed of getting a reward"
Hindustan was divided into Pakistan and India.
"11 players are there in 1 team which are divided in to four parts 1. batsmen, bowler, all rounder, wicket keeper"
history
"246 dollars and GDP per person was $3,979. [86] Service areas were 45.3% (2005) of GDP and the largest player in the economy"
"Mostly Baluchistan's are is hilly but, some areas of Sibi is plain and desert."
President of Pakistan apologizes on incident.
Severe sectarian disorder commenced in Pakistan's area Parachinar.
June i8-Minister of Defense  Ahmad Mukhtar announced  to clean the Swat op ration.
Mohammed Six
When Muslims when to trade center or super markets and we see many products where there is a Muslim label
this award gave a gist of Islamic education & made the muslims as witness to send their message to Allah.
he belonged to Sialkot
6 February-In Baghdad terrorist have kidnapped one officer Irani embassy
he has to fight from his own group because they are the care takers of Kaaba
"This land has been reserved for parks and forests, but a part of it is also used for locating oil and gas, mining, and animal farmhouses."
You met him at the place named Zami Hasham
"7 July - Seven bomb blasts in karachi in one hour, 2 killed, 51 injured."
In English the word mark up is derived as per  own etymology  from making layout.
"Grand Mufti of Palestine, Syed Ameen al Husseini"
Wicket
Blast Oven (For Steel)
now the moi way got stuck and 4 Japanese planes were got damaged
In French general Foch and Petain are significant.
Components of an ideal computer
"that includes use of colored kits, white ball, night matches and power play."
"However, others takes them separate on basis of subsistence linguistic differences."
Power supply
"Some ulema of Pakistan and Afghanistan started teaching students of religious school, who were later called Taliban"
In 1927 Amman Ullah Khan visited Europe and Turki for he's countries development but due to mis understanding there was fight.
"Germans began to transfer hundreds, thousands of Jews from the concentration camps of Warsaw towards Treblinka."
Jinnah got busy in obtaining a separate state for Muslims in the light of Resolution of Pakistan (Resolution of Lahore).
"In Northern waziristan , american drown attack killed 13 people"
During the World War II America supervised the invention of Atom Bomb and founded new atomic era.
the quantity of this Europe united force was 6 lakh and Germany's king Fredrick Barber was also joined this movement
Health experiment
Mafdari's ailment.
all the American leaders had to past with these sort of situation
"Jama Mosque Madni, Simnabad"
1992 because of amin kutubkhan Wilson introduced surfing on the internet.
The roots of folk music finds its roots in the center of middle east in Andlus of Arab.
26 January - International Criminal court begins its proceedings in its first trail against Congo's rebel leader Thomas Libya
Sun is in G2V.
This language one of the secret programme
Officially Australia has no religion.
"In 1770, the British army opened fire on the demonstrating public and killed 5 people."
"Korean history was repeated in this war when communist alloys supported North Vietnam, while America and Southeast Asia Treaty Organization (SEATO) supported South Vietnam."
category: Economics.
It is said that Ghulab Khan belonged to the same family that constructed the Taj Mahal of Agra
2403 Americans were also killed in this attack
Both the countries were facing very bravely to the Bahrain and is said that only america was able to face japan.
The king often consulted the judge on various issues
The head of the assembly considers the passed laws in this regard for approval which are according to constitution and Islamic Laws.
Russian occupation and Jihad
China is considered to be an important centre for human culture
Literature in Pakistan
"Do not give a new name, to any part given under the topic of """"verification"""", or to a topic that is conflicting with the unchangeable part."
those kofis who wrote letter and invite hazrat hussain to come to kof there were almost 12000 and with other saying they were 18000 and when war situation came so deceivers did not company to hazrat hussain and saw the all happenings standing till he got death
"From the humid western coastal region (Tihamah) on the Red Sea, the land rises from sea level to a peninsula-long mountain range (Jabal al-Hejaz) beyond which lies the plateau of Nejd in the center."
India is an important Democracy.
Federal environment safety biodior city safety act approved in 1999 which is for those animals which are about to eliminate for the world
China and Japan both has got a very big causality.
In Arabic there are two meanings of Shia
"Here's luxurious life weakened him, and his grasp loosened over the other areas."
"But 13 countries of the world, in which Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Israel, Luxembourg, Poland, Portugal, Switzerland, France and Germany etc are included, there are types of laws which allow illegal any type of review but any research on Holocaust."
In 1876 army takta reason sultan abdul aziz 1861 to 1876 has withdrawn against murad 5
In 1571 lepondo's war defeat became the reason for end of Bahrain kingdom.
In same journey prayer became prescribed.
"The Condition of Health in Faisalabad is not much better as compared to other cities of Pakistan.Nonetheless,from the past few years the condition of Government Hospitals comparatively better than past"
"One interesting thing is that despite of all its speed and good work ,after all the computer is a device which by it self can't apply the logic and even can't think."
according to encyclopedia Britannica he is the most successful personality in the world
On one side Germany was making plans to occupy Poland and on the other Italy had seized Ethiopia.
Manakham Baigan Breast letosik (Russia)
Which continued till 1747.
"In Spain King is the head of the country, and current king's name is Juan Carlos 1, Spain has parliamentary system which has two houses, Senate (upper house) and Congress (lower house)."
"digging trench in Saudi Arabia was the first kind of trench, and it is the ancient way"
He got his initial education in catholic school
In the initial times it was called as Chenab Canal Colony and after that it was called as Lyallpur on the name of Governor Lieutenant General Sir James P Lyall
"Though these conspiracies were hurled being covered with knowledge and science , but Ali used to understand them very well and refuted them with knowledge and wisdom"
Allama Anayat ullah mashraqi
Test match is of five days in which both teams have to bat twice whereas in one day matches every teams gets to bat for 300 balls.
"The Earth was in a molten state in the beginning but water started gathering in the Earth's atmosphere at time went by. After cooling down considerably, its surface took the shape of crust."
July
"Nearly one week before the start of the war, on 22nd August, Hitler finalized these plans by forming the special forces of Mera Sirbikf and gave orders that all Polish women, elders, children and speakers of the Polish language should be killed without mercy"
Second constitution was enforced in Pakistan in 1963.
Sanan Hasthanthi Adaran and constructed lot of mosque in the remaining  cities.
Akadi Sultanat was sprawling up to the banks of Lebanon.
7th May - American Forces in Afghanistan reported that their air bombardment on cities are causing increase in death of citizens.
When the Salebi's reached there they did not get any thing except the peck of bricks
In Kamasutra there are many spiritual issues discussed:
"Quaid-e-Azam muhammad ali jinnah(25th december 1857-11th september 1948)was a pakistani politician and leader of All India Muslim League,under whom leadership muslim achieved independence from british rule.that is how pakistan founded and Quaid-e-Azam became the first governer jeneral of pakistan."
"In america for travelling, St Lawrence sea port and Mississipi are very popular. The first lake to be made between the Atlantic and the Great Lake, Erie Canal had greatly promoted agriculture and economy in Central Western America. This resulted in New York becoming the economic capital of the country"
They that Korea completely become independent country because some non local power should not attack Japan through Korea or Korea should came under Japan
"in first period almost unani, romi, islamis views are considered"
Although because of foreign plants negative effects happened on this country's own plants and humans.
Japan still says that Okinawa people dont like to be soilders of America.
January 11 - Sui northern gas pipelines beat Habib Bank limited in the finals and won the 50 th Quaid - e-Azam Trophy
generally it is said chineses are people between the wall of china& the tibetian plateau
References
States and Counties
faizan madina : sosaan road madina town
Many economic and practical reform and economic stability at the lower level and balancing support the government he collect with combine 10 billion USD for international monetary fund
"For the achievement of this objective, Korea became the first target"
Detailed article : Collapse Baghdad 2003
religion
mirza galib is known by the greatest poet between 1796-1869
The period between the year 1568 till 1600 is known as the Azuchi-Momoyama period.
"The night when they were about to get victorious, a sea storm came and destroyed their ships and boats, resulting in breaking theor back"
Preserve all of the unmodified parts of the document without changing their title and manuscript.
"This was a military coalition which held sway over a big part of Europe, Africa, and eastern & southeastern Pacific Ocean."
The Japanese army enslaved thousands of people in the colonies to get forced labor.
"Now the biggest area of Nagasaki had become a heap of ash after burning, and the area where blast held, there Human and Animal died immediately within one square kilometer area, and the heaps of fire had spread up to 10,000 feet area."
Shia or Ahle Tashi did not believe the Khilafat of first three caliphs
Patrick white was given noble prize in 1973
"Jalbini or Internet (English: Internet) is an international network (Computer Network) of mutually unified computers, which is accessible to everybody at the public or collective level."
Imame Hussein was alone there in the war field
Later Einstein accused Hilbert of stealing his thoughts.
It is written in history that Kufan period was started around 250 A.d
politics
we need your help our country need help are kids are hungry and e are very poor but it's ok becaus your body is a onder land
"against the kingdom of Britisher kingdom one non violence agitation was held by mahandas karam chand gandhi, jawahar lal nehru, abul kalam azad, baal ganga dhar, and under the leadership of ganga dhar tilak and subhash chandra bose got freedom in 1947"
"It was compulsory for the small feudals to get license from government for marrying, electing the successor or to repair their private fort or to construct it."
June 11 - There was an havoc of spreading of Swine Flu disease.
Foundation of Pakistan
Marcholo 200 years before only he saw the placesand listened about some things.
Empire was divided among following types of countries.
On 17 octboer coallation forces has started cleaning mines and going towards letti around areas
"The house of Shab Abi Talib in the area of Mecca in which he born, was later stays a Mosque for many time, which is been made a library now a days."
Reasons
People of all ages enjoy this type of cricket
From some sources it is found that the forefathers of Jinnah belonged to Hindu Rajputs of Sahiwal of Punjab which turned into Muslims later.
"Britain is a political alliance which consists of 4 country's, England, Scotland, Wales and North Ireland"
The liver is a major site of thrombopoietin production. Thrombopoietin is a glycoprotein
"Prior to the attack of the Mughals, a large number of locals were Muslims in India"
"May 6, Sucide attack on bannu police post, 7 including 3 policemen died."
Mount Augustus is known as world's biggest mountain
Sir syed used to say:
The following are the reasons for the political and social union of the european countries
Aabkan kurason Very big of leader to born.
From 1973
Another change was that that the allies had adopted the policy of aggression instead of defense.
The final pilgrimmage
"According to American military statistic, even though the air attacks have significantly weakened the Japanese war ability, but even then Japan had more then 2,000,000 soldiers at the time of putting their weapons down"
Third Crusade
""""" When I was in Muradabad He visit Rampur to meet Mirza Saheb and Late Nawab Yusuf ali Khan."
External Links
"And Japanese intellectuals, the intellectuals and knowledge of Walandese used to get the latest developments in the knowledge of Mathematics, Science and Medicine."
"When the Liberal Democratic party came into existence, the foreign ambassador of that time expressed his sentiments to help foster long term stability in the South East Asia"
Both countries have greatly co-operated with each other against drug trafficking
".The main reason for that is, from the time of invention, there are lots of changes takes place, thats why this is impossible to call any particular computer as a first computer."
"Zahkodian named cave , which is near to beijing , has seen fasil mean mutahjir witnesses , which shown with the current scientist that these are 3 to 5.5 lac years old"
October 1939 killing of poland citizen by nazis a view
Welcome to Wikipedia come to followed.
For more information see Bowling
12 May - Muslim league - N announced to be leaving the federal government.
maleeva had a nervous breakdown and had to be admitted to hospital
Taxes collection also started and got good profits for government.
This decision made by umpire
13th June.
"Now you can make an aggregate of this document along with other documents given under license agreement and you can replace copies of license agreements of different documents with a single copy of this aggregation, strictly following the rules given in the license agreement."
mushrikin-e- mecca could not do any thing against them
this place is for you to die down.
History of Turk
"After defeating France and Holland, Germany had besieged the UK through its Naval and Aerial strength."
after getting the required address the second part is to send one application to web server and it is given for required page
In speak fact all famous people believe that Urdu and Hindi are almost same.
These Three type of index also one also joint to third. But changing of thoughts.
6. Storing of documents.
"In this same third period different schools of thought born, for example Classical, Non Classical etc."
12th September.
This fine M.
"Importantly, the victory of Sarfeeroz Shah's political case gave you great fame and name."
Saleem the 2nd
There is also a vice captain in the team who performs the duty as captain in the absence of the captain
and the madina people also admitted you as a Qalifa and came under companionship
King Babar who made Kabul as capital.
China is considered to be a superpower of sports in Asia and the world
Lekhteestain
"5,000 Japanese troops were killed during these clashes, and the ammunition shortage was being felt."
14 April - Baluchistan Liberation United Front has made the release of the UN officer John Solecki.
McDonald's Satiana Road
New Press ordinance in Pakistan
"Another revolutionary, Thomas McKean, was chased so much by the British army that he had to frequently change his place of residence and had to transfer his family from here to there."
"Japanese forces, wherever they are, should abandon their confrontation so that naval vessels, airplanes, military and civil installations are not damaged."
And because of famous University of Agriculture and Ayub Agriculture Reseach Institute this city have significant importance all around Pakistan.
in the 19th century the Britishers made the Mughals their suborinates and became the rules of Hindustan
"The International Faisalabad Airport at the distance  of 15 km from the  Jhang road of the city, where the national pilot Company PIA planes of  addition and private companies also  gives its services to the passengers."
"in other courts commercial court, which is for lost and dwala handle one state system court in that against systematic government to listen the cases) one court of law, normal election, the fight to solve political issues and law status, heard and the circles of authority to states organizations, and on"
why don't get to noble prize to Iqbal.
"""""this announcement of index believing in the help of the god we do this agreement in between that for the god we will sacrifice our life and wealth and will not take care of that"
Group 5: Statistical reviews.
From 50 thousand years to 1 lakhs year the human being spread everywhere.
Many areas had bloody wars which are also known as the war of Queens
"Khanzeri Flu or khanzeri temperature , this is also called flu"
Shikwa
middle period:from groups to announcement of democracy
Free loster ( Fred  A .
17 February
September
National Slogan - Pakistan means La ila ha illala
Province Azerbaijan Sharki
People said that jacquard loom was first made the computer for calculation after that he restore the dates of accounts.
categories of cricket
Salahuddin was called winner of Baitul Mukadis who defeated allied forces of Europe in 1187 and made independant bait ul mukadis
in 1929 one of the city of Germany has given hut to Einstein on the river as a gift(after that Einstein has to give some money for this)
Intelligence organizations of Pakistan captured seven terrorists who were involved in July 7 London bomb explosions from Peshawar
"George Barnard Shaw writes """" The only solution to all the worldly problems is that Mohammed (PBUH) is the leader of the world."""""
"On 3rd May, 1946, the case formally began with the statement of the public prosecutor."
Category: Urdu
Bowling
"It has produced millions of Urdu speakers whose language is one of them among Punjabi, Pastho, Sindhi, Baluchi, Kashmiri, Brahwi, Chitrali etc."
The beginning and development of Cinema pretty much happened exclusively in USA.
Non believers left 70 prisoners of war and ran
Computer History
There is textile university as well which is the only university in Pakistan and for industrial development they have a very important role
This was the first ever step of an European on the soil of America.
Education is 80%
"On the night, 40 troops returned to the jungle after raiding the Japanese army."
this is not a regular organization but has free thought and free activity in which no one can join
The previous and the upcoming worships can be converted into another forms (or methods)
"Similarly, Comic Books and Disney's motion pictures have their unique identity throughout the world."
25 February - Turkey's passenger plane crashed and killed 135 passengers traveling in it.
News Paper: Dawn
These points are as follows:
If the fielder hit the ball to the wicket than it is compulsory that ball should be in his hand
October 1992 launch of TCP/ IP Linux Ajma.
in 648 the government of Ayubi were over and in their place Turkey slavers have established their government which was called countries
Fall and innovations (1828-1908)
The Mongols returned but Kamakora Shogan was still worried that the Mongols could attack again therefore he started paying more attention to defence
Due to poor economic conditions the political instability of the country continued to increase and politicians including a prime minister were killed.
Suleman Sani
well of oil
"From Faisalabad's mark, the boundary is situated approximately 60 Ft afar. And that is surrounded by an ordinary ground."
254 lakhs till year 2020 and 288 lakhs till 2050 was there(108
So click the link called 'edit the page' and edit the page
Category: Kahwar speaking countries
The total area of England is 130395 square kilometers (50346 miles) and according to 2005 its population is 50431700.
Environment
He had friendship with Mileva and later she became Einstein's first wife
"To let the enemy destroyed ,naturally they started the attempts to get sympathy of of Christian followers and preachers."
Iqbal and prof-et love.
"King during that era didn't use to be very powerful, the real power lied with the nobility."
"his mates spresd the education very well and every sultan built one mosque any how, and with this madarsa also was must"
This picture on format is the example of PNG and JPG.
at the end of 19th century American recorded music was spread world wide and famous music is played now also
"In 1810 AD at the age of thirteen years he was married to Amira e Beghum who was the daughter of Allah Bakhsh Khan Maruf, the younger brother of Nawab Ahmed Bakhsh. After marriage he said goodbye to his city of residence and left for Delhi to gain peace."
Provincial division of Iran
where the Japanese were having camp that area was very dreadful area.
And Imam Hussain(R.A) has safeguarded these Islamic values and virtues from being buried in ignorance.
Punjab
"Relations between the west and Muslims did not remain that great as they could have, which acts as a bridge between the two"
"For some years, Falon Gong has gained huge popularity after the government imposed ban, which stated that it (Falon Gong) belongs to a suspicious religion. Attempts to terminate it have also been made."
Zemra: Understanding Iran
After the freedom of kabraz in 1960 it was so violet that in 1960 there is tragedic christian and muslim violence started
"Turkey was the second country to sign The Association Agreement (""""Ankara Agreement"""") in 1963."
and by reading this book it is known that this letter was actually one answer to the letter of syed ahmed khan
Thought of Iblees of Iqbal
This is still controversial  that how part of Albert Ian Stine in revolution
He was born in the place of River A'nan.
"However Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Sudan do not have any offical relations with America"
"4 wars took place in the Gulf of Laiti, which included the Seoban Sea, Syorigao, Cape Angelo and Samaar"
his actually skill is that he goes deep into truth and human psychology and express it very simply that common people understan
Four runs give in case if the ball bounced before the boundary and six run given if the ball bounces after the boundary
"Janissary, which made all the European armies to tremble, became restive, and caused the destruction of the state by interfering in the country's politics."
"Buddhism and Shathvasam have some difference,to solved the problems between them they considered beggars,sages,so at doors of temple impatharasu they spent seven days and nightsand asked god to show the solution."
"On 21st July, 1942, 1500-2000 Japanese troops landed on the northeastern coast of Papua, and commenced the construction of their installations in Bona, Gona and Sanananda."
1) that his clothes and bed will be made
"Iqbal, Allama Sir Muhammad"
On American stats the effects of Republican and Democratic party are deep and there is rule of only these parties.
Types of cricket
Historians had elaborated that Kamasutra Mallanaga (Assyrian's new) vouched: means this book has been written in an unknown era.
"Heinrich Himmler, the SS commander and the alleged initiator of the campaign to kill Jews, ordered on 16th December, 1942, that """"bad gypsies (multiracial or emigrants), Roman gypsies and Balkan people who do not have German blood coursing through their veins, be sent to Auschwitz, leaving only those wh"
Chapter 5: Use of teeth
This incident had great influence on the history of south Asia.
All provinces will be autonomous on equal basis.
"There religious schools taught Islamic teachings and basic education, however by the end of the last century, Saudia had established a national education system in which all Saudis had access to free school education"
Term Isna Ashri refers to twelve imams whose link starts from Ali the cousin and son in law of Muhammad
References
"Besides this since all the rivers that flowed into Pakistani punjab came from Indian Kashmir, therefore Pakistan had to sign an agreement with india in 1960 in which it had to surrender its rights to rivers Satlaj, Biyas and Ravi"
"The German socialists, communists and trade unions were the first to oppose Nazism. As a result, these people were the first to be sent to questioning camps."
"Malaria, diarrhea, wet clothes, sweating body makes life sick."
"His father was into business, but not a successful man in it."
16 May- The Pakistani Ambassador Tariq Azizuddin was released by the hostage safe
They preferred being on one side to this
"One of the leaders of the guerrilla group fighting Japan was Kim Il Sung, who received training and financial and military support from Soviet Union."
there are so many branches of economics overall they are divided in to two microeconomics and macroeconomics
"On north of it there is Canada, Mexico in south, Atlantic ocean in east and Pacific ocean in west."
"Jamia Masjid Goal,Ghlam Muhammad Abad"
But till not has not thrown weapons
"At the northern coastal area, coastal ground can be seen whereas in the south, it is vast and in the north it becomes so narrow."
Ghalib had been orphan in childhood. He was braught up by his uncle Mirza Nasarulla Beg but at the age of eight his uncle also died.
"But america during a Final plan has remain Japan with them and with that South Korea , Okinawa , and Amayi Ireland are also with them"
Fakhar uddin Ali Ahmed
Prince Shutkon have present themselves for the publicity of Buddhism due to which changes were there in Japanese culture and peace prevails
Actually said concerning : Charter Medina.
"On 21 January 1945, the American forces landed on the south Luzon and forwarded towards Manila."
"in this the culture of Muslims, education, language, religion, law and the organizations which work peace for them"
At this result India and America are exceeding terrorism more and more of terrible activities in Pakistani province of Balochistan.
He became king  in the age of 13 years in  1175.
"Islamic Sharia and basic education was taught in these Madrassas, but by the end of the last century, Saudi Arabia had adopted a national educational policy, in which all of the citizens were provided free training from pre-school to the comprehensive level."
"Salahudeen Ayyubi was familiar for his braveness, generosity, beautifulness, good heart, even mindedness which brought respect from not only Muslims but also from Christians."
now there are 27 members of the european union
The people from the family of Hazrat Adnan were known as the Banu Adnan.
28 April
Germany ceased battle on 11 November 1918 AD
but it is remembered that whatever we are seeing this in Muslim world it can be told revolution
7 August - Typhoon has hit Taiwan severely damaged it bringing the death toll to 600.
To make stop the Japan some trick was used for example to make Japanese trouble water tank were broken the result was flood.
This clash between Pashtun's and Persian speakers is still there even though both are Muslims.
"Most of these experiments were performed by the Japan military's infamous Unit 731, whose head was Sherwyeshi, who was a micro-biologist and the Lieutenant General of this unit."
This is a machine code of computer which is available in any form operation code.
Government chooses leader from any armed forces.
November 18 -  4 persons were killed and 5 injured in an American drone attack in north Waziristaan.
mosques
Childhood
religion
"435 square miles according 940 persons is the density of population although, (67"
He kept on working in the Congress without remuneration.
Guardian Council checks the laws ratified by the Assembly to verify whether these laws are compatible with the constitution and Islamic laws.
Besides this 0.8-1 million Jews were also killed in differecnt areas occupied by Soviet union. (the total number of killings by the Insats group is difficult to determine as there is no official documentation for these killings)
In this attack Japanese made their kingdom.
Britain is included in the development countries of G 8.
For every 200 square yards their are facilities for the visitors.
Although Japan had got the approval of hosting Olympic games in 1940  but due to attack of Japan on China this honor was shifted to Hailsanki but the games were not possible to be held because the second World War was the reason of cancellation of these games.
"Except some cities, most of American cities are relatively are less densely populated, and because of this it is necessary to have personal cars for many families."
Website.
"Turkey's Assembly is called 'Turkiye buik Majlisi', the number of its members stands at 550, which is distributed with respect to percentage among the parties who've gained at least 10 percent votes."
"Federal Capital, Islamabad"
This hurricane was the worst of the last half century.
"According to the Muslims, Hazrat Muhammad (p.b.u.h.), was sent by Allah as the last Prophet of all the prophets that He has sent, who was sent to correct the humans of the world for the last time."
Karkhana Bazar - In this direction factories in old times exist. Some of them are still present
"According to L. Nejadi's 1999 statistics, Urdu and Hindi is the world's fifth most spoken language."
like this hazrat abu ali sena in whose period he was known the biggest doctor in islamis and western world also has relation with balq
"When a team's ten players have scored the required runs before all getting out, then they write: team 'N' won by the number of wickets where 'N' means the number of wickets being not out."
Rules& regulation
In 1939 a letter was written to Franklin Roosevelt in which there was persuasion of making an atom bomb.
Soviets Prisoners of War
After the war the found low quantity of nuclear weapons and after that U.S. government that they attack on wrong Spy reports.
There are both similarities and differences between the concept of God as portrayed in the Qur'an  and the Hebrew Bible.
now the generation of microkernel is coming Lens is wasting it's time
no material
Many policeman malaria and dast disease was involved and there was a extreme food shortage
June
This agreement was signed for ten years.
The environment
do poetry in Urdu and French and this is his basic reason of fame
In 1900 the Russian Revolution was determinned in this.
"Because Japan heavily lacks in natural resources, it serves its needs by exporting most of the raw material from Asian countries. Therefore, it faced difficulties in exporting raw material due to war."
environment
"This period , 1368 till 1922 time mean 554 years are in Usmania Empire , there are 211 President are included in which majority are non turks and in which Arab albanis , Russian , Charkas , Armani are included"
Chapter 1: Rights of the only daughter in law
"Some facial experts claim that Eino tribes, who resided in Hokaido and Honshu islands are the real natives of this land."
1579 Francies Drake on the west coast entered into san fransico Gulf area and have new British population
"After making short work of them, the submarine escaped."
Bait-ul-Mukadas there is continuously 761 a Muslim possession
"At that time, Economics was known as 'Political Economy'."
it there is the detail in the papers about some particular version and condition then you have rights to follow the conditions of that version or some other versions which has come
this is long wave mina light with this sun there are small light waves in which blue waves came out
Pakistan President
19 June
English to Urdu offline and editable dictionary download
Sheikh al Islam was usually appointed for life.
Similarly the ambassador to Togo was removed and was replaced by Mamoroshigay Metso
"As mother language the world's biggest language is modern Chinese, which spoken by 700 million people, and after it is English, which people often speak as secondary or language of contact, because of this the number of people is now one billion throughout the world who speaks English."
amoqtah
For this reason Turkey gave formal application in 1987.
20 October - Europes expert astrologists have discovered 32 new planets in the solar system
Minora Cinema
After Independence (1919-1978)
"Around this there Indian, Northern and Atlantic rivers"
War has kept those busy who didn't migrate.
This year america given a signal of changing of government in Iraq
Britain political life inspiring him and decided him to give independence to there people as well
In July 2004 Picasa named organization has been bought.
In this philosophy Short run is worth of attention.
"On the national level Australian Football, Horse race, Football and motor racing are important"
When the condition of Afghanistan got worsen then Russia landed its forces on the invitation of Afghan Communist Government.
Category: Construction
they forecaster that Japanese may rabol
Category : Windows
from 1788 to twenty-th  century heritage of Anglo-Celtic type was in Australia
Sate Government
After 50 year In 1974 Turkic announced his battalion and allowed them to come back the country.
german force who captured on libea again but british army gave them defeat in november
prophet(p.b.u.h) and Qulfa who founded Islamic government putted the rules by Allah's order not by human
American army is one of the most powerful forces in the world
it's length as per rule is 66 feet (12
In 1960 Adhanan is and 1997 najmudeen these also failed to Islam Governments.
"4 kilograms, it is said"
There were also disagreements over the Sinkako Islands situated in northern Taiwan and the southern part of Ryokyu Islands.
"these all forces work for united nation, local missions, natural disasters, and in army"
Justise Iftikhar Chaudry spend whole day at airport and then returned to Islamabad
"In the year 1950, when the war with Korea broke out, the Commander of the Allied Forces in Japan Douglas MacArthur had permitted the Japanese government to maintain the para military reserve police which was in later stage known as the Japan Self Defense Forces."
Runner up can only run on behalf of batsman and cannot bat.
"October 7,in this year colonize red prevented a notification of public rights to called a conference in  New York."
Due to second world war Einstein started hating Germany intensely and did not go to Germany even he was offered after the war.
"Suldan Salahudeen Iub, In governments founder."
Category: Linux
Riyadh is the centre of country.
Alfred Marshal
Provine Hamdaan
"Height of Aim. 2,"
"In this wind blown state of Pacific Ocean, it is in the form of islands which is from the North America towards the southern West."
"CIA world fact book, Saudi Arabia"
Important cities in Haspani
Even Yazid son after been dejected decided to step down from Khilafat
People bug are included in the code
Khost
"During its zenith (16th-17th centuries), this Empire was spread around three continents, and most of the southeastern Europe, Middle East and northern Africa was under its jurisdiction."
On the other hand relations between Bakofu and China and Korea were quite weak and the contact between them was also non existent
Here persons are given training in new skills.
This is the part of the document is saved as a content can be explained accordingly.
Subject: Algebra
"America have its wide economical, political and military effect all around the world, because of it its external policy is the favorite topic of discussions all around the world."
"And Tokugawa Ayasu displaced the Hideyuri from power, and established a strict regime based on feudal ideals."
3 tahi and he removed historical village from the world.
officers
"In recent years, supporters of Confuscionism have compared independent Gods with Human Rights"
Today Afghanistan is under American rule and on the surface is an independent country and Government
Ph.d Students
after winning ths war muslim raised as a big power in madinah
"There are also cases where redirects have been used to """"steal"""" the page rank of one popular page and use it for a different page, usually involving"
Mezi KDE3.
10 February
"When the Prophet reached Madina, the Ansars welcomed him with open arms and gave him all their resources"
He is a very nice man
On 1st November 1922 the Turk Parliament terminated the Khilafat and in this way the 631 years of Usmania state ended.
Einstein was confused whether to marry Elisa or her young daughter
State symbol consists of these characters
every one was given permission to enter in castle
War of Motta: Jam Dul Awal 5 AH (August
and saleem has to face the reform by loosing his government and life but his subordinate mahmood sani has implement all these reforms and in 1826 finished all banchari
For this We have to use the following things
Twelve Imams
"Moreover, one private clinic exists in pretty much every street and neighborhood."
"To attack the allied ships, the Japanese army had also prepared Caiton Torpedoes."
Ian Stine after said that hilbert has steel his opinion
Too simple in usage but with this it is very strong
"Famous American writer Michael has once written that Germany has become """"the death customer""""."
In this condition only Php can be survived.
He break relationship with Banu Bakar.
American army attack with planes in south and north waziristan and killed 32
External Links
and he guided him according to his skills and ideas.
Etangari ka tarikekaar sab ki rahoo par rabta ka aamdo rafat se kam karne mein intehai mufid sabit hota hai.
Chapter - Female power revival
and then these concerns started to spread that perhaps the new turkish government policy should not destroy
people.
His army went to South of Russia and North of India
Category: Countries
Kantar
The Japanese called the Chinee Regiment Commander that they want to search the area for their soldier
The English provoked the Arabs to fight against Turks and thus the Muslims were fighting against other Muslim nations.
The people who were nominated as guilty for those cases were charged with initiating a war as leaders and hereby breaching the international laws.
"In the North states of Iraq, 19 American soldiers were killed in a single day."
23 April
on that time other that science lecture Einstein supports Zionism
United States is the second of North America and the world's third (or fourth) biggest country.
Indonesia's main import suppliers are japan (18.
"Japan's Pacific campaign and expansionism had received irreparable damage, which forced her into a defensive position as only two fleets, Shokaku and Zoikaku, remained, whereas other ships such as Ryuju, Junio and Hyo were effectively of the second grade."
More were arrested afterwards
Program Storage refers to the storage capacity in a computer to store instructions and programs. The most important characteristic of a computer is considered to be its ability to be programmed.
"Europe was followed in photography, statue making and literature, and its acceptance in Europe was made a standard."
character of Yazeed.
And the Japan was accused that he has killed three Americans Air pilots.
Chenab Club is important commnity center of Faisalabad.
ishteaali system: is a good part of enumerarive system
this documents were fingering some any work
"Saudi Arabia has been crowned Asian champions, 3 times, whereas it has been the beaten finalist on 2 other occasions."
Marge ambua is the one of example of the business.
"Ottoman Air Force fought at multiple fronts during the first world war, which included Gilisia in the west, Caucasus in the east and Yemen in the south."
"When Japan didn't fully oblige, USA ceased the oil and iron trade with Japan."
"July 15, A Passenger plane was crashed in Iran in which 168 passengers were died"
"From 7th till 14th century, in the fields of technology, discipline and art, China was included amongst the most developed nations of the world at that time."
"In those governments , China empire , fight against Britain War Afion 1842-1839 and 1856-1860 and fight against France War August from 1884 till 1885 , China became week and from Western countries a political how to stop"
For more see Results
The character of Pakistan historically very shameful due to America's fear they have help America to attack former friend's of Pakistan
MDUNAT.
This was the result of human being arrangements.
Animals have several characteristics that set them apart from other living things. Animals are eukaryotic and mostly multicellular
"These practices are named as """"LAMP"""" means"
More than Five thousand people have been arrested in Pakistan.
In the year 1543 three sailors of Portugal sailing on the Chinese ship reached on a small island Tanegashima situated in the south of Cueshu.
"Japan didn’t participate in the war by providing its forces, however, was present during the peace talks between these countries at war"
This conference japan was accepting as one of 5 big countries in this new International system
Category :  Areas and countries which speaks English Language.
Legal war.
"6th of February, Iranian Diplomat have been arrested by armed peoples in Baghdad."
T?he conditions of treaty were as follows :-
District organize.
This character less person in this condition was behaving rudely with the family of Prophet
When the captain declares or finishes his innings
November
Exploited the women mercilessly to provide sexual satisfaction to the Japanese soldiers fighting on the fronts.
Topic: Astronomy
Sulawesi
said before this in 1940 Japan has given the responsibility of Olympics games but due to attack of Japan on china this responsibility was given to Helsinki till then games was not started because due to World war two this games was postponed
syed ul aqbaar will come to you every week mutba's people kept your name in first of buyers in you
The first trade treaty had made Japan to abandon it policies towards taxes on Trade and assignment of troops to temporary quarters and as a result Japan had become the victim of trade balance by default. These Unequal Treaties curtailed Japanese sovereignty for the first time in its history; more import
Pakistan Movement
some time society's ill group were become the rich group then Samurai
faith bada
next elections were held in 1993 and in these PPP and its coalition parties again made the government
"In this attack, 2,403 US soldiers were also killed."
Boeing and Lockheed Martin are also very important.
with this it is also impossible that through Hyperlink any form can be reached and it can enter in to the computer also or other information can be return back which can be safe or or which can be in more experiments
"the mid western countries are famous for their big industries, Detroit is the most important for that industries of cars and very important in Chicago with its business"
"They got all sort of support from the Soviet Union, however, the Southern Korea didn’t got much support from the America"
"It borders inn west with is Portugal, In South with Gibraltar and Marakish and in northeast with Andorra and France"
"His belief in pakistan never waivered, and for this purpose the unbelievable effort that he put in, will always be remembered"
Attempts were made for peace agreement between Japan and China in 1974 but it stopped due to conflict over some points.
"Two years later a group of pro-Japanese reformers tried to seize power through a bloody coup d'etat, but their opposing group assisted by General Yuan Shikai of the Chinese army succeeded in foiling the attempt through equally bloody counter moves."
If earth is seen from the space then large white signs will be shown.
National Bird - Partridge is the national bird of Pakistan.
"Mongols quit the area at the arrival of the Japanese army, but the Soviet and Mongol armies attacked jointly on 28th May."
historical political divide
laks of solders and remain solders returned.
Enlarge Index: Osama Bin laden
You were born in Agra in December 1797
in between (1610 to 1519 )Moralizing or prescriptive literature stems from such sources. The exotic nature of romance flourished from the Middle Ages
Because the king power has all the rights so when weak sultan came rich are used of minister matters but still the orders are made by sultan
"Although most of the land of Australia is semi barren or desert, it has diverse kind of environments."
"Despite the end to the Government programme, the Minister of Defence, Muhammad Shaukat Pasha continued his efforts in this direction and therefore sent 2 officers to France for training"
MRP comprises of two groups.
"If there is no part like history in the given documents then make it and include the terms, year, new versions and about the publisher which was stated on the front page, and then give the details of the changed version described previously."
"Jinnah had studied at the Sindh Madrasa and in Bombay the Gokal Das Tej Primary School and finally at the Christian Missionary Society High School in Karachi,"
A similar deal between Britain and Russia happened in 1907
Australian wicket keeper Adam Gilcrist
The Austria and Hungary in 1877 during the Turkey-Russia war captured Bosnia Herzegovina after Berlin Congress (in 1878)
Cyprian of Turkey were forced to hide themselves  in United Nation shelters.
America also got the idea of Japan's changing attitude. And an apprehension was shown through secret reporters that there is possibility that Japan will attack Philippines. Therefore American deployed army there.
"In Iraq suicide attack ,more than hundred Shias are died."
that the 9 th day of muharram
Japan and Southeast Asia
"Other neighbouring countries include Singapore, Philippines, Australia and the Islands of Indman and Nicaubar's India areas"
The main level of the file is root zone which is changed in the time of America's government.
"In 1186, in an attack by Christians, Raynald along with other Christian groups came with an intention to attack Medina first attacked Hejaz"
The number of ancient Australians is now 410003 which is very much greater than the number of 115953 of 1976.
"After 1967 referendum government decided to give write to local people and given the rights , in which right of land , relatives rewards reinstate in 1992"
"2,600 below the level of 14,000, and economy 13 -"
Zara-at is biggest place in the world.
Arrangements of maari.
Watching Olympic and football on T.V is quite famous.
"On the other side, the Budha belief entered inside from two side, they did some financial deals with them thus influencing them to a large extent"
"These victories were possible due to the great discipline by the army, and the advanced arms and ammunition. The role of the navy and the ammunition was very important"
History
many arrests has been taken place during the martial law.
Is known as Wallis line. Goes from north to south Sunda shelf. Also towards Lombok and Bali
culture
The different names of Indonesia with the aspects of English
One run is scored when both batsmen reach the crease opposite to them
in 221 war fought between kabuoto and kamakora in which hoji army won easily and took control on royal empire
"The Chinese seat at the UN was held by Taiwan under its formal title, the Republic of China, and it got changed in 1970 by the People Republic of China."
"Bangladesh .0 ,650,000)"
26.
Although apart from main land is Mountain peak whose height is 2745.
6th April.
Category:Kahwar speaking countries
"Japenese Government, Companies and all important people had their assets seized"
