She was arraigned in New York state on three counts of murder and ordered held without bail.
Wall Street regained a positive track yesterday after two of Saddam Hussein's sons were killed in a firefight in Iraq.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 3 points~: or 0.39 percent~: at 924.
As such~: consumers want to easily enjoy this content~: regardless of the source~: across different devices and locations in the home~: said the group.
He is expected to ask banks for around €50m this week to keep the company afloat.
"Dick is going to be there as long as Dick wants to be there~:"" Reuters reports Langone as saying."
Founders of the group are Matsushita Electric~: Sony~: Hitachi~: NEC~: Royal Philips Electronics~: Samsung~: Sharp and Toshiba.
In court~: she briefly waved to courtroom sketch artists seated in the jury box and quietly made notes in a spiral-bound notebook.
A second bomb~: evidently carried by the other woman~: did not explode; the authorities detonated the explosives later.
We're optimistic we can deliver the vaccine to these people in time to do good~: said Dr. David Fleming of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Police and school officials agreed last week to step up police presence in response to reports of increased violence and gang activity.
In 2001~: President Bush named Kathleen Gregg one of six appointees to the Student Loan Marketing Association~: the largest US lender for students.
Judge Gerald W. Heaney~: in dissent~: said the authorities should have allowed the prisoner to be medicated without the consequence of execution.
Berry also married and divorced his second wife twice~: most recently in 1991.
He served as a marine in the Second World War and afterward began submitting articles to magazines.
He also worked in the Virginia attorney general's office.
Where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades~: they are now lucky to catch one~: the study found.
It also faces significant regulatory delays and uncertainty~: and threatens serious damage to the company's business~: he added.
Deasean and Walker~: a resident of nearby Barbey Street~: were rushed to Brookdale Hospital Medical Center~: where they died about 6 p.m.~: O'Brien said.
Several current and former ferry officers have said the rules were routinely ignored and seldom enforced.
Gartner analysts said that businesses are not yet feeling confident enough to upgrade corporate PCs.
And Forrester forecasts that on-demand movie distribution will generate $1.4bn by 2005~: while revenue from DVDs and tapes will decline by eight per cent.
Shares of MONY were gaining $2.57~: or 9%~: to $31.90 in after-hours trading on Instinet.
I wanted to bring the most beautiful people into the most beautiful building~: he said Sunday inside the Grand Central concourse.
But Abraham said changes in air-pollution rules would be up to the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).
There's no reason for you to keep your skills up~: the judge told the convicted crack cocaine kingpin.
The goal will be to reduce congestion by upgrading road~: building tollways~: facilitating public transit or any other means to improve mobility.
In 1995~: Schwarzenegger expanded the program nationwide to serve 200~:000 children in 15 cities~: most who come from housing projects or homeless shelters.
General Huweirini~: who has worked closely with the US~: was wounded in the shooting on December 4~: US officials said.
They've been in the stores for over six weeks~: says Carney.
That truck was spotted in the Campbells Creek area~: fitting that description~: Morris said.
The board did so and accepted that resignation~: said McCall~: who chaired the meeting.
The seventh person charged in the case - Habis Abdu al Saoub - remains at large.
The survey also found that executives who feel that current economic conditions have improved rose to 35 per cent from 15 per cent last quarter.
Cisco has signed similar deals with AT&T Corp. T.N ~: SBC Communications Inc. SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N .
Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative~: but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children.
ImClone Systems Inc. and Genentech Inc. led shares of U.S. biotechnology companies higher after medicines they are developing helped cancer patients in studies.
Microsoft has released separate patches for client and administrative versions of Office 2003.
The first of those discussions is expected to get under way in the next three to five months.
"The death of al-Ghozi signals that terrorists will never get far in the Philippines~:"" Arroyo said in a statement on Monday."
The Emeryville-based toy company filed suit Friday in federal court in Wilmington~: Del.~: claiming Fisher-Price is violating its 1998 patent on interactive learning books for toddlers and preschoolers.
Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment from beneath the concrete slab Thursday~: but it turned out to be an animal bone~: authorities said.
Tech stocks were hurt by a sour forecast from Sun Microsystems~: which was viewed as a bad omen for the upcoming quarterly earnings season.
On Sunday~: a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured in southern Iraq when a munitions dump exploded.
Dixon put his style on display Sunday afternoon in winning the Honda Indy 225 at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
In fact~: 10 million shares of the sale went to an unidentified charitable trust - which promptly sold them.
It will appear in the next few weeks on the Web site of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Excluding food and energy costs~: the core CPI was up 0.1 percent last month~: compared to a rise of 0.2 percent in July.
Another recent study shows that about 12 million adults have been diagnosed with diabetes and an additional 5 million adults have it but do not know it.
A recent poll showed Edwards with a narrow lead in South Carolina~: and he plans a rally there later on Tuesday.
At 12 months there was still a difference in function~: although it was not a significant one.
Additionally~: the h2210’s cradle has room to charge a second battery.
About 25 countries have signed in the past four months~: and about half of those have been signed in the past few weeks.
"Powell's rendition of the third conversation made it more incriminating~: by saying an officer ordered that the area be ""cleared out."""
Her father~: Florin Cioaba~: the king of Transylvania's Gypsies~: had her brought back and she was married against her will.
Avery Dennison estimated second-quarter revenue between $1.2 billion and $1.23 billion~: up 14 percent to 16 percent from a year earlier.
Police searched Tanzi's home near Parma on Wednesday~: and prosecutors had sought to interrogate him that day only to find he had left Italy for an undisclosed foreign country.
Trade deals between manufacturers and grocery retailers or distributors have long been governed by complicated contracts that offer retailers discounts~: money for advertising or payments for prominent shelf space.
Quattrone is accused of obstructing justice by helping to encourage co-workers in an e-mail to destroy files on lucrative investment banking deals.
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday.
"Mr. Day said that the consequences had been ""catastrophic"" for the women involved and for the many mixed-race children shunned in their communities."
These allegations are completely out of character of the Kobe Bryant we know~: the statement read.
She said the president's eyes filled with tears when she told him he would have to confess to their teenage daughter as well.
It still remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short- or long-lived~: Sprayregen said.
Following the ATP's notification by Hewitt's lawyers of pending action~: it issued another statement that Hewitt has added to his suit.
Goldman also raised its quarterly dividend to 25 cents from 12 cents~: citing the new tax law.
"In January~: Georgia's U.N. envoy Revaz Adamia accused Russia of annexing the region and appealed to the Security Council to ""assume effective leadership over the peace process."""
A discouraging outlook from General Electric Co. sent its share down 81 cents (U.S.) or 2.7 per cent to $29.32.
Amazon.com shipped out more than a million copies of the new book~: making Saturday the largest distribution day of a single item in e-commerce history.
"He said: ""I fear on this occasion what happened was those bits of the alphabet which supported the case were selected."
Responding to speculation that she was ready to retire~: Justice Sandra Day O'Connor indicated today that she would serve out the next term of the Supreme Court.
"Dr Blix said: ""I don't know exactly how they calculated this figure."
Nelson~:27~: is being retried on civil-rights charges stemming from the disturbance which led to Rosenbaum's death.
The unemployment rate inched up one-tenth of a percentage point from April's 6 percent to its highest since July 1994.
Symbol's former chief accounting officer~: Robert Korkuc~: is expected to plead guilty in a federal court in Long Island later Thursday~: according to reports.
Scholars in medical ethics have said the issue of medicating patients to improve their mental health to execute them might present formidable obstacles for doctors.
The decision to issue new guidance has been prompted by intelligence passed to Britain by the FBI in a secret briefing in late July.
Roberts said he didn't think excess inventory showed up in Avery's first quarter~: although it might explain the drop and quick recovery in sales this quarter.
What's more~: Mr. O'Neill said that he hoped Hyundai would sell one million vehicles annually in the United States by 2010.
If people took the pill daily~: they would lower their risk of heart attack by 88 percent and of stroke by 80 percent~: the scientists claim.
Washington is wary of involvement~: given its commitments in Afghanistan and Iraq.
I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks~: Dean said Friday in a telephone interview from New Hampshire.
The company said it would issue revised guidance for the full fiscal year next month when it releases its Q2 results.
Low-income earners would pay a 5 percent tax on both types of investment income.
Recall backers say they have collected 1~:600~:000 signatures~: approaching twice the 897~:158 needed to force an election.
Federal Agriculture Minister Warren Truss said the Government still did not know the real reason the sheep were rejected at the Saudi port of Jeddah on August 21.
Analysts spent yesterday running the red pen through the accounts and are expected to announce more cuts to their valuations.
Since it expanded its shipments to the United States~: Hulett has captured a significant share of the U.S. market.
Mr. Rush is the only witness to the events in the pilothouse who has spoken to investigators.
Kerry Kennedy Cuomo and Andrew Cuomo have been married 13 years.
On Friday~: the U.S. Department of Labour reported that the U.S. economy shed another 48~:000 jobs in April~: while the jobless rate jumped to 6 per cent.
His harsh criticism of PLO chairman Yasser Arafat led to his books being banned for a time by the Palestinian Authority.
Seattle Deputy Police Chief Clark Kimerer said the exercise here went well~: with some aspects~: including the communication system linking various agencies~: working better than expected.
Eugene Uhl followed his father and grandfather into the military~: his mother said.
Operating revenue fell 4.5 percent to $2.3 billion from a year earlier.
Overall~: students are most likely to be taught by a 15-year veteran with a growing workload and slightly eroding interest in staying in teaching~: the work-force portrait shows.
The number of reported rapes rose by 4 percent and the number of murders grew by 0.8 percent~: the FBI said.
Shares of Microsoft rose 50 cents Friday to close at $28.34 a share on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
"The company added~: ""until more facts are presented~: Lindows.com will not take a position as to the validity of the claims presented by either side."""
The discovery was published yesterday in the New England Journal of Medicine.
Three Weeks in October goes on sale Monday~: nearly a year after the Washington~: D.C.-area sniper shootings started.
I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it is not our proposal but I'm not going to be negative about it.
Bush also hoped to polish his anti-AIDS credentials in Uganda~: which has been hailed as an African pioneer in fighting the killer disease.
The purchase is the largest conservation transaction in Hawaii's history~: the agencies said.
"It indicates~: Roberts said~: ""that terrorists really don't care who they attack."
But Gelinas says only six have been fully re-evaluated.
"In one scene from the film's final script~: Reagan says of AIDS patients~: ""They that live in sin shall die in sin."""
The Guru microcontroller serves four functions: hardware monitoring~: overclocking management~: BIOS (Basic Input Output System) update and a troubleshooting-assistance feature called Black Box.
"But I would rather be talking about high standards than low standards."""
Selenski had previously spent seven years in prison on a bank robbery conviction.
The weather service reported maximum sustained winds of nearly 105 miles an hour with stronger gusts.
Hill~: 50~: would be the first person executed for killing an abortion doctor.
The single currency dropped to 136.94 yen compared with its late U.S. level of 137.64.
I will pass on to him [Mr. Cheney] that Canada still remains a safe~: secure and reliable supply of energy~: Mr. Klein said Sunday.
A passer-by found Ben hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m.~: with his hands still taped together but his feet free.
"Scott McClellan~: a White House spokesman~: called the decision ""troubling and flawed."""
Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world's largest and most familiar brands~: Mr. Heyer said.
On Thursday~: Long heard arguments from both sides.
Terri Schiavo~: 39~: underwent the procedure at the Tampa Bay area hospice where she has been living for several years~: said her father~: Bob Schindler.
For the full 12-month period ending June 30~: advanced services lines of all technology types increased by 56 percent.
Once seated~: the anonymous jurors will be driven back and forth to court in vans with tinted windows to protect their identities.
This is just the latest movement in a continuing trend towards open source support of business applications.
A rival distributor~: Mike Selwyn from United International Pictures~: says that unlike The Matrix Revolutions~: he cannot detect any advance scepticism~: even within the business.
The most serious breach of royal security in recent years occurred in 1982 when 30-year-old Michael Fagan broke into the queen's bedroom at Buckingham Palace.
"One of the 14 Kurds pointed at the word ""refugee"" in an English/Turkish dictionary."
Sanchez de Lozada promised a referendum on a controversial gas project~: a reform of a free market energy law and constitutional reforms.
Before completion~: the group will take surplus cash of 16.5m from TCG to reduce its net borrowings.
U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled that the Akron-based company should have determined that changes at one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions.
Former company chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.
Some 55 gang members and associates were arrested in a coordinated sweep across the West on Wednesday~: some for charges not related to the casino brawl.
Roxio~: which is based in Santa Clara~: Calif.~: would get access to the music libraries of the major labels and the Pressplay distribution system.
His opinion contradicts one issued in 1992 by then-Attorney General Bob Stephan.
The study results were presented Tuesday at a meeting of the American Thoracic Society in Seattle~: and will be published in this week's New England Journal of Medicine.
I called the number and the lady told me she was talking on the phone to Toby Studabaker~:'' Sherry Studabaker told BBC television.
A number below 50 suggests contraction in the manufacturing sector~: while a number above that indicates expansion.
I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention~: but the volume is likely to fall sharply~: said Junya Tanase~: forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase.
Quattrone's action~: prosecutors argue~: amounted to criminal obstruction of justice.
In their study~: researchers tested the hearing of 479 men between 20 and 64 years old who were exposed to noise in their jobs.
Market sentiment was subdued after International Business Machines Inc. IBM.N said U.S. securities regulators were investigating the accounting of the world's largest computer company.
It would remove $55 billion in tax subsidies for exporters~: which are illegal under international trade law~: in exchange for new tax breaks.
The longer this series goes~: the better chance Dirk has to play.
Media giant Vivendi Universal EAUG.PA V.N set to work sifting through bids for its U.S. entertainment empire on Monday in a multibillion-dollar auction of some of Hollywood's best-known assets.
Stanford bested a 144-player field that included former winners Sorenstam and Juli Inkster~: as well as 13-year-old phenom Michelle Wie.
Two Americans killed in a recent ambush in Afghanistan were contract employees of the CIA~: the agency said Tuesday.
U.S. stocks fell~: led by computer-related shares~: after network-equipment maker Cisco Systems Inc. said sales will be unchanged this quarter.
In Taiwan~: the capital's mayor and other officials handed out free thermometers in a islandwide ``take-your-temperature'' campaign Sunday~: amid evidence that containment efforts were also paying off.
The department ordered an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds and a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds.
The Supreme Court long ago held that students could not be compelled to join in the pledge.
"My judgment is 95 percent of that information could be declassified~: become uncensored so the American people would know~:"" Mr. Shelby said on NBC's ""Meet the Press."""
This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyber assets so that we may best protect the nation’s critical infrastructure assets.
Smallpox is not the only threat to the public's health~: and vaccination is not the only tool for smallpox preparedness~: Strom said.
Tomorrow's testimony is to give an inside look at tax shelter development and marketing.
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.
In Washington~: the federal government remained closed for a second day.
They were among about 40 people attending the traditional Jewish ceremony colored by some non-traditional touches.
It's a recognition that we were provided faulty information~: Tom Daschle~: the senate Democratic leader~: told reporters.
"The answer is clearly yes~:"" said Dr. Larry Norton~: deputy physician-in- chief for breast cancer programs at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center."
He transferred another 10 million shares to a charitable trust and these shares were also liquidated.
Third . . . we are not allowed to kill women~: except those who join the war [against Islam].
The last time the survey was conducted~: in 1995~: those numbers matched.
"He said McKevitt was ""the man who has the blood of innocent people on his hands""."
But planning for an expansion of Wagerup has been caught up in a heated debate about the existing project's effect on local residents.
Jackson~: 45~: posted a $3 million bond and returned to Las Vegas~: where he is filming a music video.
Negotiators said Friday they made good progress during their latest round of talks on creating a Central American Free Trade Agreement.
"A spokesman said: ""Further testing is under way but at this stage~: given the early detection~: the outlook is positive."""
Lakhani was charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to a terrorist group and acting as an arms broker without a license.
Microsoft has identified the freely distributed Linux software as one of the biggest threats to its sales.
In 1999 a California legislator proposed a law requiring driving tests for those over the age of 75 who sought to renew their licenses.
"With a wry smile~: Mr. Bush replied~: ""You're looking pretty young these days."""
Retail industry experts predict the next five days will likely make or break Christmas 2003 for many retailers.
General Jeffery announced he would give his substantial military pension accumulated over 40 years to charity during his stay at Government House.
The prosecutor said the company knowingly underestimated to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) the number of safety complaints involving the device.
Amrozi said Jews and the US and its allies had evil plans to colonise countries like Indonesia.
The incubation period in cattle is four to five years~: said Stephen Sundlof of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
The court's 1992 decision reaffirmed the basic findings of Roe protecting abortion choice but lessened the standards of protection guaranteed to women by Roe.
Russia~: along with France~: China and others~: advocate a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen Iraqi authority international legitimacy.
Deputies said the incident began at 9:40 a.m. when deputies received a phone call from a person requesting assistance regarding a domestic disturbance at 54346 Avenida Velasco.
"CIA Director George Tenet said the two men were ""defined by dedication and courage."""
That leaves about three dozen at risk of aid cutoffs~: said State Department spokesman Richard Boucher~: who did not identify them.
People with two copies of the mutated gene have double this risk~: the researchers said.
I came basically to Washington to establish relationships and to make sure that we are getting more federal money to California~: Schwarzenegger said after meeting with congressional Republicans.
The Prime Minister~: Junichiro Koizumi~: joined the criticism.
Microsoft is preparing to alter its Internet Explorer browser~: following a patent verdict that went against the company~: Microsoft said Friday.
A senior Malaysian member of JI testified in June that Bashir had approved the church bomb attacks and had called a meeting to plan Megawati's assassination.
On Wednesday~: the total of National Guard and Reserve members called to active duty worldwide stood at 154~:603.
The fight about online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court Monday.
On Thursday~: a Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely.
Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.
The findings were published in the July 1 issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine.
Overture's listings are generated by more than 100~:000 advertisers who bid for placement on keywords relevant to their business.
Merck also on Monday affirmed plans to spin off Medco to shareholders in the third quarter.
In September~: Hewlett-Packard signed a development and marketing deal with the company.
Pollack said the plaintiffs failed to show that Merrill and Blodget directly caused their losses.
That comment undercut his remarks in an interview on Tuesday that the ECB had not exhausted its ammunition for rate cuts.
"These men ""are entitled to respect for their private lives~:"" Kennedy said."
An 18-month run for it in Toronto was originally planned as part of a North American tour.
If Fortigel~: a testosterone gel~: had been approved~: Cellegy would have reached profitability by the second half of 2004~: Mr. Juelis said.
He said the situation undermines efforts to win international co-operation in the war on terror.
The study was presented yesterday in Chicago at the annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America.
The first time was in 1999~: when Bashir replaced the former leader of JI~: Abdullah Sungkar~: who had died.
The two countries agreed last week to hold their first diplomatic discussions in two years.
Suspected rebels also blew up an oil pipeline in north-east Colombia.
Zilkha and other shareholders~: including Coastal founder Oscar Wyatt Jr.~: had called for Wise's firing for months.
Attorneys for the defense and media have filed documents opposing a gag order.
Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people) shot up 38 percent~: making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq.
She had been critically ill after May 7 surgery to replace a heart valve.
Also arrested Friday was Claudia Carrizales de Villa~: 34~: a Mexican citizen who lives in Harlingen.
"Manfred Bischoff~: EADS co-chairman and also a member of the management board of DaimlerChrysler~: said both EPI and Pratt & Whitney had presented ""excellent proposals."
Last week the power station’s US owners~: AES Corp~: walked away from the plant after banks and bondholders refused to accept its financial restructuring offer.
"Still~: Jessica Biel (of ""7th Heaven"" fame) brings an athletic intensity to the role of Leatherface's last elusive victim."
"Mr Annan also warned the US should not use the war on terror as an excuse to suppress ""long-cherished freedoms""."
Early Wednesday~: the benchmark 10-year US10YT=RR had lost 16/32 in price~: driving its yield up to 3.33 percent from 3.26 percent late Tuesday.
The Episcopal Church ''is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion~:'' said the Very Rev. Peter Karanja~: provost of the All Saints Cathedral~: in Nairobi.
In an E-mail statement to the Knoxville News Sentinel~: Shumaker said~: ''I am not giving any consideration to resignation.
The bomb exploded in Helmand province aboard a bus en route to the provincial capital~: Lashkar Gah~: according to news agency reports.
Dolores Mahoy~: 68~: of Colorado Springs~: Colo.~: is someone who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.
Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Sen. John Warner~: R-Va.~: is also considering a look into the issue.
But the settlement also defers any payment to investors~: potentially for years~: until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved.
For the full 12-month period~: high-speed cable modem connections increased by 49 percent.
There is nothing Rob Furst did in any way that was not abetted and approved by senior officials at Merrill Lynch.
Through Thursday~: Oracle said 34.75 million PeopleSoft shares had been tendered.
The leading actress nod went to energetic newcomer Marissa Jaret Winokur as Edna's daughter Tracy.
Enstrom and Kabat focused their work on 35~:561 people who had never smoked but had spouses who did.
Wall Street is looking for a profit of 30 cents a share in the third quarter and $1.31 for the fiscal year.
Waksal has pleaded guilty to securities fraud and is to be sentenced next week.
The committee will define the role of the interim chairman and recommend an individual to fill that role~: said lead director H. Carl McCall in a statement.
SCO says the pricing terms for a license will not be announced for weeks.
Among the proposals is one for Zimbabwe to have the opportunity to rejoin the 54-member body before the next CHOGM meeting in two years.
"Although it's unclear whether Sobig was to blame~: The New York Times also asked employees at its headquarters yesterday to shut down their computers because of ""system difficulties."""
The statistical analysis was published Tuesday in Circulation~: a journal of the American Heart Association (news - web sites).
"Asked about other possible attacks~: Roberts said: ""I don't think there's any question about it that . . . they're going to be very global in nature."
Instead~: tickets for the Jersey jam went on sale last night through Ticketmaster.
He reiterated Schroder's statement last week that Berlin would consider sending peacekeepers to Iraq only if requested by an interim Iraqi government or the United Nations under a U.N. mandate.
"Besides the fact that Americans want to be liked~: she said~: there is a ""huge cost when world opinion is negative to the United States."
At least 7000 computers were affected by Parson's worm~: Assistant US Attorney Paul Luehr said.
Both markets rallied this past week on bets the Fed will lower rates at its next meetings on June 24-25.
The stalemate~: over less than 1 percent of the budget~: is more about politics than policy.
U.S. same-store sales last months at Tim Hortons rose 8.8 per cent.
But to see those pages~: users would be required by Amazon to register~: and Amazon plans to limit the amount of any single book a customer can view.
Putin hailed Saudi Arabia as ``one of the most important Muslim nations.
O'Brien's attorney~: Jordan Green~: declined to comment.
Last year~: Cuban officials said none of nearly two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas on time to attend the Grammys in Los Angeles.
An amendment to remove the exemption for the state-sanctioned sites failed on a much closer 237-186 vote.
They were being held Sunday in the Camden County Jail on $100~:000 bail.
In that position~: Elias will report to Joe Tucci~: president and CEO of EMC.
The search was concentrated in northeast Pennsylvania~: but State Police Trooper Tom Kelly acknowledged that Selenski could have traveled hundreds of miles by now.
The Aspen Fire had charred more than 12~:400 acres by today on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson~: and more than 250 homes had been destroyed.
They also drafted a non-binding priorities list specifying that a quarter of it may be used to reduce planned 5 percent cuts in fees paid to health-care providers.
The Denver-based natural gas producer and marketer said the inaccurate reporting was discovered after it received a subpoena from the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission.
Significantly~: it made no mention of the role of terrorist organisation Jemah Islamiyah~: accused of being behind the attacks.
Investigators used a jackhammer and hand tools to conduct the search but halted work for several hours while waiting for the anthropologist to arrive from Indianapolis.
Mr. Bush has credited the Dallas pastor with helping to inspire the idea of using federal dollars to fund faith-based programs.
It was third time lucky for Hempleman-Adams~: 46~: after two previous abandoned attempts to make ballooning history.
GM's offering is also expected to include about $3.5 billion in convertible securities.
The 39-year-old Luster initially gave police a false name~: but later revealed his true identity.
Nearly 6~:000 MTA drivers and train operators joined the mechanics in the picket line.
Tony winners will be announced June 8 at the Radio City Music Hall in New York.
It is symptomatic of the communication difficulties that often trouble the ECB~: said Ken Wattret of BNP Paribas.
Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo.
Brian Florence~: 38~: died Sept. 25 of a heart attack in Alexandria~: said the couple's lawyer~: Maranda Fritz.
Without going into specifics~: Oracle managers also indicated PeopleSoft's roughly 8~:000 workers could expect mass layoffs.
In afternoon trading in Europe~: France's CAC-40 rose 1.5 percent~: Britain's FTSE 100 gained 0.3 percent and Germany's DAX index advanced 1.2 percent.
Josephine Burke~: who ran the unlicensed daycare~: eventually served four months in prison on misdemeanor assault and child neglect charges.
Senator Hill appeared completely unaware of the issue~: which has been of serious concern to US~: Australian and British intelligence officers.
For customers to get the most of the Internet~: several factors are crucial~: Pierre Danon~: CEO of BT's retail unit.
In my mind this is not an issue on the horizon right now.
One of the company's employees was hospitalized in critical condition at Lee Memorial Hospital in Fort Myers~: said hospital administrative assistant Alex Reichert.
The British ambassador to the United Nations~: Sir Jeremy Greenstock~: is scheduled to lead a Security Council Mission to the region in mid-May.
You can use interactive features on the IRS Web site (www.irs.gov) to track refunds or advance child-credit payments.
Microsoft will seek to simplify creation of BizTalk applications by tying it more tightly to its flagship development tool~: Visual Studio.Net.
"It appears that the machine was cracked using a ptrace exploit by a local user immediately after the exploit was posted on BugTraq."""
We need the somebody who notices them to come forward~: he told a news conference to introduce his successor~: Brig. Gen. Mastin M. Robeson.
The blast occurred at 5 a.m. in the capital's Al-Bayaa district~: police said.
The woman had agreed to testify after receiving immunity protecting her from punishment for lying and other violations of the academy's honor code.
As part of his deal~: Mr. Delainey has agreed to cooperate in the continuing investigation.
The benefit is equal for everyone~: both in traditional Medicare and in the enhanced Medicare we're setting up.
I carried 100 percent of the votes in San Jose -- of all the Austrian-born body builders~: Schwarzenegger said during the benefit at the Fairmont Hotel.
"We feel so strongly about this issue that we are suspending sales and distribution of SCOLinux until these issues are resolved~:"" Sontag said."
"During her two days of meetings~: Rocca will not meet the rebels since they are banned by the United States as a ""terrorist organisation""."
He blamed guerrillas from the Taliban regime ousted in late 2001 and said it was possible the bomber died in the blast.
The couple was granted an annulment in September 2001 and Joanie Harper was given sole custody of Marques and Lyndsey~: court records show.
Community college students will see their tuition rise by $300 to $2~:800 or 12 percent.
"Asked about the controversy~: Bloomberg said~: ""I didn't see either one today~: but if they're here and wave from the side I'll certainly wave to them."
The matriarch - who celebrates her 81st birthday next month - was yesterday thanked for her generosity by model and actor Sarah O'Hare~: the National Breast Cancer Foundation patron.
Pressure also came last night from religious circles as three Anglican bishops said it was time for their former colleague to step down.
On Oct. 10~: an 18-year-old freshman member of the men's swim team jumped from the same 10th-floor ledge.
Citigroup Inc. C.N ~: the world's largest financial services company~: on Wednesday promoted Marjorie Magner to chairman and chief executive of its global consumer group.
Before addressing the economy~: Bush discussed the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia~: which killed as many as 29 people~: including seven Americans.
It estimated on Thursday it has a 51 percent market share in Europe.
Some of the company's software developers will join Microsoft~: but details haven't been finalized~: said Mike Nash~: corporate vice president of Microsoft's security business unit.
Yale spokesman Tom Conroy said the university was prepared to keep the campus running with temporary workers and managers doing extra work.
Delta personnel at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport were scrambling all day to find alternate flights -- even on other airlines~: when necessary -- to move the inconvenienced passengers.
The institute estimates that last year 15.7 per cent of the average supermarket's sales and more than half of gross margin went to pay employee costs.
Officer Evans did not respond to requests for an interview last week.
The March downturn was the only break in what has been broad growth in services for the past 15 months.
WORLD No. 2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused the Association of Tennis Professionals of malice~: including an alleged attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.
"Meanwhile~: Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst alluded to an interparty political struggle: ""Sounds like the Republican primary started early this year."""
About 1~:500 police will be deployed for the visit.
However~: John Clare~: chief executive of the Dixons Group~: expressed his disappointment.
The United States says 1~:882 Americans remain listed as missing in action and unaccounted for from the Vietnam War.
Experts say they think better treatment~: including widespread use of the drug tamoxifen~: as well as mammogram screening are responsible for the improvement.
They used discarded skin from consenting patients who had undergone surgery and exposed it to UVA light at intensities similar to that of sunlight.
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.
And as more than 100 people on death rows have been exonerated~: other states have abridged or considered abridging the use of the death penalty.
Car volume fell 8 per cent~: while light truck sales -- which include vans~: pickups and SUVs -- rose 2.7 per cent.
The Production Index rose by 1.4 percentage points from 51.5 percent in May to 52.9 percent in June.
The Sars illness~: wars in Iraq and Afghanistan~: and economic uncertainty in Europe and the US have depressed air travel.
For one thing~: it says~: 'Come on~: it's working~:'  said Don Marti~: editor in chief of the Linux Journal.
The report was sponsored by the Computer & Communications Industry Association (CCIA).
Based on having at least one of the symptoms~: most students had been hung over between three and 11 times in the previous year.
The law has several weaknesses which terrorists could exploit~: undermining our defenses~: Ashcroft said.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI added 47.9 points~: or 0.52 percent~: to 9~:174.35.
We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment~: Daschle wrote.
A Lamar mother arrested Saturday in Colorado Springs is accused of drowning her two children in a bathtub before slitting her wrists.
This northern autumn US trainers will work with soldiers from four North African countries on patrolling and gathering intelligence.
"Using bookmarks and back and forth buttons - we had about eighteen different things we had in mind for the browser~:"" he told an industry audience in London yesterday."
MySQL AB on Tuesday announced that it had ported its open-source database to the HP-UX operating system on the 64-bit Intel Itanium 2 processor.
Ontario Premier Ernie Eves appointed a judge on Tuesday to hold an independent investigation into how the province has handled SARS.
Minister Saud al-Faisal's visit was disclosed Monday by two administration officials who discussed it on condition of not being identified by name.
Nicholas is the uncle of Louima~: the Haitian immigrant who was sexually tortured by NYPD cops in 1997.
The new orders index rose to 52.2 percent from 51.9 percent in May.
The Democratic governor said the budget passed by the legislature May 9 would reduce or eliminate services to 5~:800 developmentally disabled people.
"KEDO Spokesman~: Roland Tricot said: ""The executive board decided to refer this question to capitals."
The driver of the truck escaped and is now being sought by the police~: Supoyo said.
On a planet that takes nearly 165 years to orbit the sun~: spring can last more than 40 years.
O'Brien was charged with leaving the scene of a fatal accident~: a felony.
In the first stage of the attack~: the Lovsan worm began fouling computers around the world.
Milberg Weiss Bershad Hynes & Lerach LLP said it filed suit in a New York court on Monday on behalf of the Southern Alaska Carpenters Pension Fund.
Ms. Strayhorn said she has hired a constitutional scholar to assist her staff.
"We cannot allow anything like that~: and we won't."""
The CWA~: which represents more than 2~:300 Comcast employees~: called that excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27~:000 a year.
If I was diagnosed today with CJD~: I would ensure I received this treatment as soon as humanly possible.
The processors were announced in San Jose at the Intel Developer Forum.
"And when asked if he felt regret or guilt about the attack his answer was an adamant ""no""."
Attorneys for the Roman Catholic archdiocese and nearly 250 alleged victims began meeting last week to reach an out-of-court settlement.
US authorities blame Al Qaeda for the attacks~: which killed 231 people~: including 12 Americans.
Mayor Joe T. Parker said late Thursday that the three workers were two men and a woman who were inside the building when the first blast occurred.
For the first quarter~: HP pulled in $2.94 billion and captured 27.9 percent of the market.
Sen. Patrick Leahy of Vermont~: the committee's senior Democrat~: later said the problem is serious but called Hatch's suggestion too drastic.
The U.S. Supreme Court will hear arguments on Wednesday on whether companies can be sued under the Americans with Disabilities Act for refusing to rehire rehabilitated drug users.
We will accede to the request while we explore all of our options~: VeriSign spokesman Tom Galvin told Reuters.
Justice Anthony Kennedy dissented in an opinion joined by Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas.
Dividends are currently taxed at ordinary income tax rates of as much as 38.6 per cent.
The defense cannot appeal Roush's ruling until after the trial.
They note that after several weeks of rallies on upbeat earnings~: investors are looking for stronger evidence of a recovery before sending stocks higher.
Mascia-Frye works in the state development office.
Authorities said the bodies of a man and woman were recovered on Friday from a camping ground in nearby Devore~: where a wall of mud destroyed 32 caravans.
Officials say Peeler and Jones were never legally married but had a common-law marriage.
In April~: it had forecast operating earnings in the range of 60 to 80 cents a share.
Fewer than 10 FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques~: the Justice Department said.
Its chief executive~: Lawrence J. Lasser~: resigned under pressure last Monday.
The government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks~: homeland security officials announced Tuesday.
Ms. Stewart is being prosecuted not because of who she is~: but because of what she did~: Comey said.
The worm attacks Windows computers via a hole in the operating system~: an issue Microsoft on July 16 had warned about.
This has been a persistent problem that has not been solved~: investigation board member Steven Wallace said.
The $19.50-a-share bid~: comes two days after PeopleSoft revised its bid for smaller rival J.D. Edwards & Co. JDEC.O to include cash as well as stock.
State Sen. Vi Simpson~: former state and national Democratic chairman Joe Andrew are seeking the Democratic nomination.
National Breast Cancer Centre chief executive Professor Christine Ewan said it was too early to quantify the risk to women.
Samudra~: 33~: a textile salesman~: is also charged with the church bombings across Indonesia on Christmas Eve~: 2000~: in which 19 people died.
Captain Robert Ramsey of US 1St Armored Division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 am.
These days~: even death penalty proponents in the Legislature say they are solidly outnumbered by opponents.
Analysts attributed the increase in part to negative news from bankrupt competitor WorldCom Inc. WCOEQ.PK and talk that AT&T could be a takeover target.
A council of up to nine Iraqis probably will lead the countrys interim government through the coming months~: the U.S. civil administrator said Monday.
The news service reports wages among all nongovernment workers rose an average 2.7 percent from July 2002 through June 2003~: according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.
Air Commodore Pietsch said a 9-11 style aircraft suicide attack was the key concern.
Kerr~: who won three championships with the Chicago Bulls in the 90's and one with the Spurs in 1999~: finished with 12 points~: 3 assists and 2 rebounds.
They suspect the same anarchist group that claimed responsibility for the Dec. 21 explosions near his house~: according to Italian news agency ANSA.
The two are not related~: but have referred to each other as father and son.
"If draining the ponds in Maryland will help further establish [his] innocence~: we welcome it.,If draining the ponds in Maryland will further help establish Steve's innocence~: we welcome it."
Doctors had planned to deliver him two weeks early~: on or around November 14.
PBL's Channel Nine has been billed as Australia's most popular commercial station after it recently recorded 26 consecutive weeks on top of the ratings.
"By skirting the FDA's oversight~: Eagan said~: the quality of the imported drugs is ""less predictable"" than for those obtained in the United States."
The FBI is trying to determine when White House officials and members of the vice president’s staff first focused on Wilson and learned about his wife’s employment at the agency.
We are declaring war on sexual harassment and sexual assault.
One of the Oregon species was acclimated to a temperature of 65~: but survived until the aquarium temperature reached 87.
No matter who becomes the sponsor for stock-car racing's top series~: NASCAR will need an all-star event~: Wheeler said in a statement.
The subjects were next given a squirt up the nose of a rhinovirus~: the nasty little germ that causes colds.
Mills affected by Thursdays announcement are sawmills in Grande Cache~: Alta.~: Carrot River~: Sask.~: Chapleau~: Ont.~: and Aberdeen~: Wash.
Prosecutors allege that Nichols and co-conspirator Timothy McVeigh worked together to prepare a bomb that destroyed the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building.
Only one test~: the effect on financial services~: was deemed to be passed.
The bodies of 17 undocumented immigrants who suffocated in a stifling trailer were discovered yesterday at a south Texas truck stop where smugglers had abandoned them.
With the target funds rate at 1 percent~: substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted~: he said.
The teenager was in surgery at a hospital and the extent of his injuries was not available~: police said.
A spokeswoman for Interscope Geffen A&M declined to confirm how many employees were affected.
By March 2003~: 67 percent of broadband users connected using cable modems~: compared with 28 percent using DSL.
Belcher said the airport's conference room became a shelter for several area families who had hiked up wooded hillsides in advance of rising water.
A year or two later~: 259~: or 10 per cent~: of the youths reported that they had started to smoke~: or had taken just a few puffs.
Normally~: congressional districts are redrawn by state legislatures every 10 years to reflect population changes recorded in the U.S. census.
Beckham will receive a yearly salary of $10 million plus bonuses~: earning him about $220~:000 a game.
Aiken's study appears in the Sept. 24 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association.
The seven other nations in the initiative are Britain~: Germany~: Italy~: the Netherlands~: Poland~: Portugal and Spain.
During the flight~: engineers misjudged the extent of the damage~: and even during that period they lamented that the liftoff photography was poor.
We are starting the epidemic with more cases and more areas affected than last year.
Gamarekian told The News she remembers only the woman's first name - and refused to reveal it.
Last year~: he made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic nomination for governor.
He was sentenced to five years in prison at at Kingston Crown Court yesterday after pleading guilty to the attempted abduction of a teenager.
Shares of Mattel were down 13 cents to $19.72 on the New York Stock Exchange.
We acted because we saw the evidence in a dramatic new light - through the prism of our experience on 9-11.
"Nonetheless~: the economy ""has yet to exhibit sustainable growth."""
Justice Anthony M. Kennedy dissented in an opinion joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas.
He said there were complex reasons for the increased numbers of cases and scientists were only just beginning to understand the risk factors.
Dennehy~: who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums~: became a born-again Christian in June 2002.
We can presume that we've prevented a very large number of infections and some significant amount of clinical disease~: he said.
A Stage One alert is declared when ozone readings exceed 0.20 parts per million during a one-hour period.
Then they moved inside the mosque and started firing on the people~:'' he told the Associated Press.
The two filed a lawsuit in 1998~: alleging IBM's staff doctors never warned them that their symptoms could reflect chemical poisoning.
Eric Gagne pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities.
Germany is on the right path~: Mr. Schrder said~: specifying his government's announced structural reform plan~: known as Agenda 2010~: and cuts in taxes.
Advertising and circulation revenues from the flagship Martha Stewart Living magazine have declined.
He may not have been there~: the defence official said on Thursday.
Economists said that raised the odds of a rate cut at the Fed's next meeting on June 24-25.
The retailer said it came to the decision after hearing the opinions of customers and associates.
In Ventura County~: the number of closings and advisories dropped by 73 percent~: from 1~:540 in 2001 to 416 last year.
A postal distribution center where four anthrax-laced letters passed through two years ago was fumigated with chlorine dioxide gas as crews wound up the decontamination process this weekend.
Combined~: the companies will have about $2.8 billion in annual revenues~: 13~:000 employees and more than 11~:000 customers in 150 countries.
Dylan Baker and Lindsay Frost play her parents~: Ed and Lois Smart.
Already~: the impact of Chinas moves is sending ripples through the region.
Both have said they are willing to take the slim chance of success for the opportunity to lead separate lives.
Police said they believe Cruz knew of the girl through one of her former schoolmates - though neither the girl nor her family knew him.
"Mr. Soros branded Mr. Snow's policy shift a ""mistake."""
Cortisol levels in the saliva of day care children were highest and rose most steeply in those judged by day care center personnel to be the shyest.
Plofsky said the commission won't investigate because the three-year statute of limitations has expired.
The letter stated that a premature stillborn baby was placed on the bed in a blanket.
About 700 MONUC troops are based in Bunia~: but the force has neither the mandate nor the manpower to stop the fighting.
A new study~: conducted in Europe~: found the medicine worked just as well as an earlier disputed study~: sponsored by ImClone Systems~: said it did.
Intel will use this advancement along with other innovations~: such as strained silicon and tri-gate transistors~: to extend transistor scaling and Moore's Law~: he added.
The significant highs Beijing chalked up before APEC was China's first space mission on October 15.
The three priests were careful to go through church channels first as they exercised their rights under canon law.
An incremental step reported by researchers at the University of California~: San Francisco~: is the latest in a decade-long effort.
This study's researchers~: from the Institute of Child Development of the University of Minnesota~: had earlier found the same pattern in children aged three and four.
We will clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration~: Mr. Reed said in his letter.
The Association of South East Asian Nations groups Brunei~: Cambodia~: Indonesia~: Laos~: Malaysia~: Myanmar~: the Philippines~: Singapore~: Thailand~: and Vietnam.
This comes at a time when Alba is expanding its aluminium output by 307~:000 tonnes a year and is accelerating plans for another 307~:000 tonnes-a-year increase.
Stock futures were mixed in early Thursday trading~: but trading below fair value~: pointing to a lower open for the major market indexes.
Shares of Salix have rocketed 64 percent since Axcan made its first offer on April 10.
From California~: Bush flies to Japan on Thursday~: followed by visits to the Philippines~: Thailand~: Singapore~: Indonesia and Australia before returning home on Oct. 24.
Blair's government included the charge that Saddam sought uranium from Niger in a September 2002 dossier setting out the case for military action.
During the investigation~: Bryant was cooperative with investigators and remains cooperative with authorities~: the sheriff's office said.
"Justice John Paul Stevens compared the interrogation of Martinez to ""an attempt to obtain an involuntary confession from a prisoner by torturous methods."""
"He characterized the hostile bid as ""atrociously bad behavior from a company with a history of atrociously bad behavior."""
It will also delay the retirement of Mr Wightwick~: 62~: who agreed to stay on until the deal was completed and Buhrmann bedded down in PaperlinX.
Vaccine makers have been thrust into the limelight as government programs to encourage wider vaccination and fears of biological attacks on civilian and military targets.
Intel’s Xeon surpassed HP’s PA-RISC to become the most often used processor~: rising from 76 systems in June to 152 systems in November.
A ruling last week by U.S. District Judge Lee R. West in Oklahoma City that the FTC lacked authority to run the registry triggered a whirlwind of activity in Washington.
Its former chief Mickey Robinson was fired for cause when he left in September~: the company said.
The review outlines the tariffs' impact on domestic steel industry and steel consumers halfway through the three-year program.
Unilever Bestfoods said Wednesday it would strip trans fats from its I Can't Believe It's Not Butter spreads by the middle of next year.
The same flood that blocked the airport road also swamped a Federal Express depot.
Fighting erupted after four North Korean journalists confronted a dozen South Korean activists protesting human rights abuses in the North outside the main media centre.
Medical experts said the condition was mildly worrying but easily-manageable.
Matthew Lovett~: 18~: who just graduated from Collingswood High School~: was among those arrested.
The company has said it plans to restate its earnings for 2000 through 2002.
October gasoline prices settled 1.47 cents lower at 78.70 cents a gallon.
The case puts the Supreme Court back into the debate over the separation of church and state.
"The German envoy~: Gunter Pleuger~: told reporters today~: ""The important issues are how the political process is being organized."""
Under terms of the deal~: Legato stockholders will receive 0.9 of a share of EMC common stock for each share of Legato stock.
FBI agents arrested a former partner of Big Four accounting firm Ernst & Young ERNY.UL on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations~: U.S. officials said on Thursday.
The greenback scored beefy gains against the euro~: yen and Swiss franc despite weaker-than-expected September U.S. retail sales figures.
"While many good people work in the telemarketing industry~: Bush said in prepared remarks~: ""the public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls~: unwanted intrusions."
Nor has it said how many astronauts will be on board~: through there reportedly will be between one and three.
Both devices use version 5.2 of the Palm operating system and feature a new design~: which resembles a miniature notebook with a screen that swivels around 180 degrees.
Jim Williams~: director of the US-VISIT project~: said that by the middle of November~: many arriving passengers in Atlanta will be fingerprinted and photographed.
At the time federal investigators were looking into how CFSB allocated shares of initial public stock offerings.
The singer has been on a ventilator since the crash at his Buckinghamshire estate last night~: but his condition was described as “stable” and “comfortable”.
He said there was no indication~: so far~: that Gehring used his card for hotels~: motels or other overnight stops.
Big Blue says the SEC calls the action a fact-finding investigation and has not reached any conclusions related to this matter.
Cisco pared spending during the quarter to compensate for sluggish sales.
It is almost certain to exacerbate the bitter divisions between Washington and Europe that have not abated since the end of the war in Iraq.
Music mogul Simon Cowell's latest project~: a reality TV dating show called Cupid~: airs in the US on Wednesday.
Six months ago~: the IMF and Argentina struck a bare-minimum $6.8-billion debt rollover deal that expires in August.
We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled ... that the department's actions are fully within the law.
The transition is slated to begin no later than June 7~: Dayton said.
BioReliance's stock closed down 2 cents yesterday at $47.98 per share.
He said sales of grocery and other consumer packaged products are the strongest~: but discretionary items are still weak.
We must not engage in borough warfare~: Thompson testified at a budget hearing by the City Council's Finance Committee.
Microsoft says customers can install applications and software on their handset wirelessly or from a PC via USB connection.
The plea makes Grass the second high-ranking Rite Aid executive to strike a deal with federal prosecutors in the past two weeks.
The New York Yankees took third baseman Eric Duncan from Seton Hall Prep in New Jersey with the 27th pick.
She was surrounded by about 50 women who regret having abortions.
"He added that we are ""not going to make progress if we don't broaden the tent."""
The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100~:000 tonnes.
Since March 11~: when the market's major indices were at their lowest levels since hitting multi-year lows in October~: the tech-laden Nasdaq has climbed nearly 20 per cent.
Chad Kolton~: emergency management spokesman with the Department of Homeland Security~: said the government is open to new technologies and methods to communicate more quickly and efficiently.
Expenses are expected to be approximately $2.3 billion~: at the high end of the previous expectation of $2.2-to-$2.3 billion.
The yield on the 3 5/8 percent February 2013 note dropped 2 basis points to 3.66 percent.
Under the Government Network Security Act of 2003~: federal agencies would have six months to develop and implement P2P security plans.
Fires in Spain's Extremadura region~: which borders Portugal~: have forced hundreds of people to evacuate their homes.
"The Lockheed Martin-built SIRTF is the last of NASA's Hubble-class ""Great Observatories."""
Powerful Mistral winds were fanning the flames~: which have destroyed more than 8~:000 hectares (20~:000 acres) of pinewood since the blazes started Monday afternoon.
"They were just making sure they dotted all the I's and crossed all the T's~:"" said Schooff."
Microsoft has won a patent for an instant messaging feature that notifies users when the person they are communicating with is typing a message.
"Buchan responded by first noting that~: in crafting the tax relief packages~: ""the president has always had both the short-term and the long-term in mind."""
Santa Clara-based Intel had sought the injunction~: arguing that Hamidi was trespassing on its computer servers just as though he were intruding on private property.
"ABC broadcast a special ""World News Tonight"" report out of Washington anchored by Ted Koppel."
US military officials say rotor wash from the helicopter might have blown down the banner.
The Saudi newspaper Okaz reported Monday that suspects who escaped Saturday's raid fled in a car that broke down on the outskirts of Mecca Sunday afternoon.
The device plays Internet radio streams and comes with a 30-day trial of RealNetworks' Rhapsody music service.
Investors are taking heed of the latest warning from Japan's top financial diplomat Zembei Mizoguchi that Japan would act to prevent excessive swings in rates.
Only two other countries~: Germany and the Dominican Republic~: have publicly expressed reservations~: and Germany has since said it will sign it.
But MTA officials appropriated the money to the 2003 and 2004 budgets without notifying riders or even the MTA board members considering the 50-cent hike~: Hevesi found.
The report was found Oct. 23~: tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation.
The acquisition has been approved by both companies' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year.
Kelly Boggs' column will appear daily during the June 17-18 Southern Baptist Convention annual meeting in Phoenix.
His election was hailed in some quarters as a breakthrough for gay rights~: but condemned in others as a violation of God's word.
"Bennett told Newsweek that ""over 10 years~: I'd say I've come out pretty close to even."""
If the MTA's appeal to a higher court is successful~: the $2 bus and subway base fare won't be rolled back.
The timing of [the miniseries] is absolutely staggering to me~: Nancy Reagan said in a statement to Fox News Channel last week.
That compares with earnings of $446 million~: or 7 cents per share~: on revenue of $6.3 billion in the same period a year ago.
Kahuku Ranch has world - class qualities - tremendous resources~: tremendous beauty and tremendous value to global biodiversity.
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone~: Hedges drew the speech to an early close.
It's been a busy couple of days for security gurus assigned to keep their companies safe and sound.
The German financial regulator~: BaFin~: may prove critical of WestLB's risk assessment.
The jury verdict~: reached Wednesday after less than four hours of deliberation~: followed a 2 1/2 week trial~: during which Waagner represented himself.
But they did not~: as of the time of this particular tragic event~: provide the security we had requested~: Jordan said.
Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war~: but Central Command sent hundreds who ran the war back home to Tampa~: Florida.
Kay was sent to Iraq to co-ordinate efforts to find the weapons that US intelligence reported before the invasion that ousted Iraqi president Saddam Hussein had.
Goodrem~: 18~: announced on Friday that she was suffering Hodgkin's disease~: a curable form of lymphoma cancer.
Beleaguered telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
Their difference was over whether the court should pay attention to legal opinions of other world courts~: such as the European Court of Human Rights.
The Washington Post said Airlite would shut down its first shift and parts of the second shift Monday to accommodate the president’s appearance.
Last month~: it narrowed the range to between $7.6 billion and $7.8 billion.
Moroccan police have arrested 33 suspects~: including some linked to the radical Djihad Salafist group~: a government official said.
Strikingly~: the poll saw little difference between women and men in their feelings towards Mrs Clinton.
That triggered a 47-hour police standoff that inconvenienced thousands of commuters~: as traffic backed up in Downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
The memo on protecting sales of Windows and other desktop software mentioned Linux~: a still small but emerging software competitor that is not owned by any specific company.
Such a step could put the issue before the UN Security Council.
But as more people were shot~: Moose had to admit that he couldn't give the public the safety it needed.
The Bush administration blames Hussein loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops for the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks.
The number of extremely obese American adults - those who are at least 100 pounds overweight - has quadrupled since the 1980s to about 4 million.
In his speech~: Cheney praised Barbour's accomplishments as chairman of the Republican National Committee.
Duisenberg said in an interview with Bloomberg News' German television channel released earlier on Wednesday it was too early to discuss further interest rate cuts for the euro zone.
His 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned in a Virginia Beach~: Va.~: parking lot June 25.
His advice to the House Republicans is to pass it~: to send it to him~: so he can sign it.
"The speaker issued a one-paragraph statement~: saying~: ""I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel~: J. Michael Boxley."
The European Commission has developed a set of guidelines to help public administrators decide whether to migrate their enterprises to Open Source Software or not.
An arrest warrant claimed Bryant assaulted the woman June 30 at a hotel.
"Don Asper called the attack ""bothersome~:"" before he and his wife contacted the firm's Web site provider to replace the vandalized page."
At community colleges~: tuition will jump to $2~:800 from $2~:500.
When fully operational~: the facility is expected to employ up to 1~:000 people.
In a major setback to consumers~: a federal judge granted the government's request Thursday to shut down a company that helps customers buy cheaper prescription drugs from Canada.
The memorandum analyzed lawful activities~: such as recruiting demonstrators~: and illegal activities~: such as using fake documentation to get into a secured site.
The dollar was also helped by concerns about possible yen- selling intervention by Japanese authorities.
The technology-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> dipped 6.62 points~: or 0.34 percent~: to 1~:917.67.
However~: commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.
If Senator Clinton does decide to run in 2008~: she cannot announce her candidacy before 2006~: which is when she faces re-election for the Senate.
Investigators conducted DNA tests on the stains and ran the results through a national DNA data base in August.
The captain~: Michael J. Gansas~: was notified yesterday by the city's Department of Transportation that an agency hearing officer recommended that he be fired.
"The Foreign Office said there was a ""clear"" risk of terrorist attack in Djibouti~: Eritrea~: Ethiopia~: Somalia~: Tanzania and Uganda."
Blair took over the Labour Party when his predecessor John Smith died of a heart attack in 1994
Walker said he expects that the president's budget will include a request for three percent to five percent budget increases for NASA for each of the next five years.
For us that doesn't make a difference~: the sexual orientation~: Tutu told television reporters in Soweto.
Additionally~: the new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up~: manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.
Events on our system~: in and of themselves~: could not account for the widespread nature of the outage~: FirstEnergy Chief Executive Peter Burg told the House panel.
President Bush signed a waiver exempting 22 nations from these sanctions because they had signed but not yet ratified the immunity agreement.
A suburban Chicago man was arrested Wednesday on charges of secretly gathering information on Iraqi opposition figures as an unregistered agent of Saddam Hussein's intelligence service.
They fear the treatment would leave 12-year-old Parker Jensen sterile and stunt his growth.
The ruling ``is so wrong that we are extremely confident that it will not withstand our appeal to the Sixth Circuit~:'' Taubman Centers said in a statement.
Elan would receive an additional $25 million in January if Skelaxin retains patent exclusivity~: and get a cut of sales on a sliding scale through 2021.
The Legislature returns today for a special session and they're expected to pass a compromise bill aimed at lowering doctors' medical malpractice insurance rates.
Powers said almost all supercomputer users would rather pay companies like IBM to do all that than try to build their own.
The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) asked Congress today for additional authority to fight unwanted Internet spam~: which now accounts for up to half of all e-mail traffic.
Werdegar also said Intel's servers were not harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the e-mails stop~: which Hamidi honored.
His hatred for these people had germinated from these discussions and helped cement his belief that violence was the panacea.
The rioters shot one person in the shoulder and beat and stabbed others~: police said.
Two hours earlier~: they had recovered the body of Melissa Rogers~: 33~: of Liberty~: Mo.
About 400 of those taken into custody were charged with manufacturing or distributing child pornography on the Internet.
"But right now it looks manageable~:"" Gehman told reporters."
Tehran has said it will only sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful Western nuclear technology is lifted.
Romanian port authorities said two ships that sank during World War II had resurfaced as water levels fell and could block river traffic.
Bombardier and Embraer will each deliver 85 jets by September 2006~: U.S. Airways said in a release.
United already has paid the city $34 million in penalties for missing the first round of employment targets.
Minister Saud al-Faisal visit was disclosed Monday by two administration officials who discussed it on condition of not being identified by name.
Ex-KGB agent Putin added that the Beatles were considered 'propaganda of an alien ideology'.
Pat Anderson~: the attorney representing the parents~: Bob and Mary Schindler~: declined to comment.
Hormone replacement therapy that combines estrogen and progestin doubles a woman's risk of breast cancer~: a British study of more than a million women has found.
Those searches have not found stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons or significant evidence of a nuclear weapons program.
Landing on an aircraft carrier doesn't make up for the loss of 2.5 million jobs in America~: said the senator~: a much-decorated Vietnam War veteran.
While some other parts of Africa have been used as staging grounds for the terror group~: Malawi previously had not been a major focus of investigations into al-Qaida.
The steel tariffs~: which the U.S. president imposed in March 2002~: will officially end at midnight~: instead of March 2005 as initially planned.
Germany~: another opponent of the war currently on the U.N. Security Council~: has moved closer to the United States~: and did not insist on a timetable Monday.
Even the pizza man took part~: delivering a flier with the missing girl's picture along with the pizza and a two-liter bottle of Pepsi to Cruz's house.
Bush plans to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and the new Palestinian prime minister~: Mahmoud Abbas~: in the Jordanian port of Aqaba on Wednesday.
A lawsuit has been filed in an attempt to block the removal of the Ten Commandments monument from the building.
The fire calmed down considerably overnight~: then it rained~: said Andy Lyon~: spokesman for the fire south of the city.
More than half of the songs were purchased as albums~: Apple said.
In March 2002~: 63 percent of home broadband users connected via cable modem; 34 percent used a DSL service.
"At last week's meeting with U.S. President George W. Bush~: Roh said inter-Korean exchanges would be ""conducted in light of developments on the North Korean nuclear issue."""
His spokesman~: Tom Parker~: said Moore's attorneys would respond to the complaint Monday.
The chief merchandising officer decides what the store is going to sell~: giving it a signature to attract shoppers and hopefully lure them back.
Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.
"It's probably not the easiest time to take over the shuttle program~: he added~: ""but I look forward to the challenge."
Mr. Malik assured him that he would be considered a martyr if he did not return~: the witness testified.
The events mark the latest twists in an unfolding scandal involving a form of trading that takes advantage of delays in the ways funds are priced.
On Monday~: it also announced the resignation of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Phil Condit.
"Georgia cannot afford to not get funding~:"" said Dr. Melinda Rowe~: Chatham County's health director."
The report released Monday simply says~: This report does not attempt to address the complexities of this issue.
"Pressed for details~: Mr Warner said: ""All six of them are dead~: we were told by Harold and his group""."
"Former South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu said Sunday he did not see what ""all the fuss"" was over appointing a gay bishop~: but urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate."
"A draft statement~: obtained by Reuters on Friday~: stopped short of endorsing the U.S. charge but said some aspects of Iran's programme raised ""serious concern""."
The work appears in the Oct. 22/29 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association.
Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld and others argued that Saddam Hussein possessed chemical and biological weapons and was hiding them.
SEA 05D is the Naval Sea Systems Command’s technical authority for surface ship design and engineering.
"Byrd~: speaking from the Senate floor~: said he questioned the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech."""
The Labor Day race for Fontana has gained momentum since the series visited the Speedway for the Auto Club California 500 last April.
After he was led into the execution chamber and strapped to a gurney~: Swisher raised his head and appeared to smile as his spiritual adviser spoke to him.
The numbers are starting to change very~: very quickly~: Dr. Julie Gerberding~: the CDC's director~: told a news briefing Thursday.
Telemarketers argue that there is no logical link between the registry's limited scope and advancing that interest.
After posting $3 million bail~: Jackson flew to Las Vegas~: where he had been working on a video.
Senator Clinton should be ashamed of herself for playing politics with the important issue of homeland security funding~: he said.
"On April 11~: Mayor Bart Peterson said it was ""inconceivable"" that the airline would resume operations at the base that had employed 1~:500 workers~: including 1~:100 mechanics."
I never grabbed anyone and then pulled up their shirt and grabbed their breasts~: and stuff like that
Peterson is charged with two counts of murder in the deaths of his wife and unborn son.
Pope John Paul has health problems but is still at the helm of the Roman Catholic Church~: the pope's top aide has told Reuters.
Tennessee officials are setting up relief services and mobile communications in Jackson after power was wiped out in the town.
PeopleSoft also said it expects the acquisition to close in the third calendar quarter of 2003.
They also showed the greatest increase in early rapid head growth compared with those children with milder forms of the disorder.
There is~: however~: no photo of Peter Hollingworth in the June issue examined by the Herald yesterday.
On Thursday~: authorities evacuated residents who live in the canyon and closed off the road leading there.
She recently got the endorsement of the National Organization for Women and the National Women's Political Caucus.
Some of the computers also are used to send spam e-mail messages to drum up traffic to the sites.
An international warrant for his arrest was issued both to the Ghanaian authorities and to Interpol.
The Domino application server is going to be around for at least the next decade.
The airline also said it has the option to buy 380 more airplanes~: orders that would be split evenly between the two manufacturers.
Mr. Carter~: who won the Nobel Peace Prize last year~: met here today with Japan's prime minister~: Junichiro Koizumi.
He was sent to Larned State Hospital~: where he was evaluated and treated.
The court and the public need to know much more of the details of the defendant's seemingly massive fraud~: the judge said.
Authorities had no evidence to suggest the two incidents were connected.
Indeed~: Iran should be put on notice that efforts to try to remake Iraq in their image will be aggressively put down~: he said.
Hoffa~: 62~: vanished the afternoon of July 30~: 1975~: from a parking lot in Oakland County~: about 25 miles north of Detroit.
About 1~:000 people attended the ceremony~: kicking off two days of observances tied to the March on Washington.
But she didn't say whether she'll certify the two-year $117.4 billion budget for 2004-05.
Congress twice before passed similar restrictions only to see President Bill Clinton veto them.
By the time the two-term president left office in 1989~: the Navy had nearly 600 ships--about twice the ships it has today.
"In Iraq~: Sen. Pat Roberts~: R-Kan.~: chairman of the intelligence committee~: said on CNN's ""Late Edition"" Sunday~: ""we're now fighting an anti-guerrilla ... effort."""
Biotech products~: if anything~: may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing~: Fraley said.
With all precincts reporting~: Fletcher — a three-term congressman from Lexington — had an overwhelming 57 percent of the vote.
The group criticizing Schwarzenegger~: the League of United Latin American Citizens~: said the Austrian-born actor's advisory board position brings into question his commitment to Latinos.
The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday where Donaldson is scheduled to testify on hedge and mutual funds.
Sun filed its lawsuit after an appeals court in Washington upheld the U.S. government's antitrust case against Microsoft.
Except for a few archaic characteristics~: they are as recognizable as Hamlet's poor Yorick.
Investigations by the Air Force inspector general and the Defense Department also are under way.
Sales - a figure watched closely as a barometer of its health - rose 5 percent instead of falling as many industry experts had predicted.
At this writing~: the fate of Alabama Supreme Court Chief Justice Roy Moore hangs precariously in the hands of the states court of the judiciary.
NBC also announced it has struck a deal to keep ER on the air for three more seasons.
The delegation leaves Chicago today~: then will take another week to ready the remains for reburial.
The two men were allegedly trying to engage Russian exiles in Britain in the assassination plot.
Once converted~: BayStar will own an aggregate of approximately 2.95 million shares of SCO common stock or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.
Witnesses said they believed the man planned to crash the Launceston-bound Qantas flight 1737~: which was carrying 47 passengers and six crew.
"We firmly believe we have an absolute right to use the common word 'spike' as the name of our network."""
Miss Novikova said while there is no standard weight for ballerinas~: Miss Volochkova is 'bigger than others'.
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries~: including Canada~: are held~: many captured during the war against in Afghanistan the al-Qaida network.
I can tell you that it's routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT teams to rigorously test new platforms and technologies inside IBM.
The increase reflects lower credit losses and favorable interest rates.
I don't see the urgency of this~: and I am not going to grant this request.
"Here's what happened: I go to their Web site and start complaining to them~: would you please~: please~: please stop bothering me~: he said. """
News Corp.~: whose empire spans Hollywood's Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. to publishing house HarperCollins Publishers Ltd.~: owns 35 per cent of BSkyB.
The combined companies' commercial and personal lines will be consolidated under the Travelers brand and will be based in Hartford~: Conn.~: Travelers' current headquarters.
In a conference call with reporters~: RNC Chairman Ed Gillespie said he sent the request to CBS Television President Leslie Moonves.
At his sentencing~: Avants had tubes in his nose and a portable oxygen tank beside him.
Charles O. Prince~: 53~: was named as Mr. Weill's successor.
Axcan's shares closed down 63 Canadian cents~: or 4 percent~: at C$16.93 in Toronto on Tuesday.
A judge ordered the child placed in state custody Aug. 8.
Moseley and a senior aide delivered their summary assessments to about 300 American and allied military officers on Thursday.
PC-related products were the strongest sellers~: with microprocessors up 5.6 percent and DRAMs up 8.2 percent~: the SIA said.
UAL attorney James Sprayregen told a court hearing yesterday that it would submit a fresh business plan~: but gave no indication of when.
Dr. Greg Robinson -- an AIDS patient -- left Health Canada's advisory committee because of inconsistencies in pot access.
"Called ""Taxpayers Against the Recall~:"" it was to be launched Wednesday afternoon outside a Sacramento fire station."
Twenty-eight people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of the St Sophia's camp~: when the mudslide smashed into two cabins.
Congo's war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded to back rebels fighting to topple the central government.
The bank also said its offer was subject to the agreement of Drax's senior banks~: senior bond holders and hedging banks by 30 September 2003.
"United issued a statement saying it will ""work professionally and cooperatively with all its unions."""
The hearing occurred a day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer~: Dallager~: for not addressing the scandal.
Cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales.
The first biotechnology treatment for asthma~: the constriction of the airways that affects millions around the world~: received approval from the US Food and Drug Administration yesterday.
"He said it was a movie ""meant to inspire~: not offend""."
It exploded in his hands~: but the former Italian prime minister was unhurt.
Officials developed plans to burn about 2~:000 acres of dense forest near the park's southwest border by dropping incendiary devices~: hoping to burn off fuel from the wildfire's path.
The lies and deceptions from Saddam have been well documented over 12 years.
Squyres is principal investigator for the Athena payload - a collection of science instruments carted by each rover.
Representatives of abuse victims were dismayed by the development.
Second-quarter results reflected a gain of 10 cents per diluted share~: while the 2002 results included a loss of 19 cents per diluted share.
Ten~: two mobile homes and numerous outbuildings were destroyed by the now-smoldering fire northwest of Boulder.
"They were not supplied or given to us but unearthed by our reporter~: David Blair~: in the Foreign Ministry in Baghdad."""
On Monday~: a suicide bomber blew himself up near the United Nations compound here~: killing a security guard as well as himself.
Of course the FBI agent who ran him down received nothing~: Mr. Connolly said.
Sovereign's shares lost 74 cents~: or 4.5%~: to $15.68.
Admiral Black has provided spiritual guidance to thousands of service men and women during his 25 years of service~: Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist said yesterday .
Montgomery was one of the first places to enact such a law~: but many places~: including New York City~: now ban smoking in bars.
Stealing identities and credit card numbers with bogus e-mail and websites that appear to come from legitimate companies is an increasing problem on the Internet~: federal officials warned Monday.
HCA Inc. ~: the largest U.S. hospital chain~: dropped $2.21~: or 5.8 percent~: to $36.14.
Vaccine makers have been thrust in the limelight following government programmes to encourage wider vaccination and fears of biological attacks on civilian and military targets.
In a landmark ruling yesterday~: the Court of Appeals ordered the Legislature and Gov. George Pataki to fix the funding system by July 30~: 2004.
Doris Brasher~: who owns a grocery store near the police station~: said many in the close-knit town knew the men who were killed.
The little girl~: the daughter of a teller~: was taken to the bank after a doctor's appointment.
The outbreak was especially intense in Colorado~: where within the past month more than 6~:300 people have been infected and at least six have died.
Money from Iraqi oil sales will go into that fund which will be controlled by the United States and Britain and used to rebuild the country.
The House Government Reform Committee rapidly approved the legislation this morning.
Later in the day~: a standoff developed between French soldiers and a Hema battlewagon that attempted to pass the UN compound.
Nordstrom also is expanding its play area in the children's clothes area~: adding salt-water fish tanks and activities.
Both Blair and Bush have faced accusations that they manipulated intelligence about weapons of mass destruction to make the case for military action.
The company also became synonymous with ethical business practices.
Still~: he noted Miami must decide whether to seek ACC membership for the next school year by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines.
"A grief-stricken old woman~: disconsolate with grief~: smeared her face with dirt~: uttering: ""My child~: my child."""
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> jumped 118 points~: or 1.36 percent~: to 8~:829.
The legislation opens the way for police and other personnel to be deployed to the Solomons and to carry out law enforcement functions.
So far~: however~: only four companies have licensed the protocols~: according to the report to the judge yesterday.
Another was in serious condition at Northwest Medical Center in Springdale.
Governor Gray Davis estimated yesterday that the fires could cost nearly $2 billion.
But labor leaders said it was often difficult for these Americans to join a union because many employers fought organizing efforts.
If convicted~: Ciobanu could face up to 15 years in prison based on new laws in Romania designed to prosecute cybercrime~: Softwin said.
We can't change the past~: but we can do a lot about the future~: Sheehan said at a news conference Wednesday afternoon.
"Abbas told the summit he would end the ""armed intefadeh~:"" renounced ""terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be"" and alluded to the disarming of militants."
Its shares jumped to $54.50 in pre-open trading from $50.90 at Wednesday's close.
Goodyear's third-quarter earnings report~: which had been scheduled to be released on Thursday~: was postponed until November.
Such a letter indicates the government intends to pursue an indictment and believes it has substantial evidence to support an indictment~: the company said.
They were tossed around like feathers~: Gordon said.
With the Expose feature~: all open windows shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.
Malvo's attorneys mounted an insanity defense~: arguing that Muhammad's indoctrination left him unable to tell right from wrong.
The value of the deal has increased since BP first announced it in February.
A call to Rev. Christopher Coyne~: the spokesman for the archdiocese~: was not immediately returned.
Goldman is trying to sell the shares to institutional investors at $US13.15 each~: said the traders~: who received calls from the securities firm's sales force.
Paul Durousseau~: 30~: was charged Tuesday with murder in five slayings between December and February~: and also is suspected of a 1997 killing in the state of Georgia.
But U.S. District Judge Joseph DiClerico denied their request in a brief ruling.
North American markets grabbed early gains Monday morning~: as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators take the spotlight.
Massachusetts regulators and the Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday pressed securities fraud charges against Putnam Investments and two of its former portfolio managers for alleged improper mutual fund trading.
Officials with North Carolina Speedway at Rockingham could not be reached.
The rule bars groups from airing ads that promote~: support~: attack or oppose a candidate at any time.
"You have to dig deep and come up with the goods against guys who are out there competing with you."""
PeopleSoft~: of Pleasanton~: California~: said the deal would increase its 2004 earnings~: excluding amortization and other items.
Guidant said it will continue to ship the product and provide support to doctors and patients through October 2003.
"The vast majority of trades will be priced at 20 cents per contract or less depending on participation in incentive schemes."""
"New cases of SARS might continue to appear~: the authors write ominously~: ""until the stratospheric supply of the causative agent becomes exhausted."""
Federal investigators are looking for possible connections between the theft of 1~:100 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week.
Under the agreement~: LendingTree shareholders would receive 0.6199 of a USAi share for each share in LendingTree.
Wyoming and New Mexico both reported two deaths within the past week.
Trailing Arsenal by eight points two months ago~: United rallied from its worst start since 1989 with an unbeaten streak stretching back to Dec. 26.
Gov. Linda Lingle and members of her staff were at the Navy base and watched the launch.
If you're over here thinking this problem has been blown out of proportion by the media~: you are wrong.
Bond voiced disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.
The statement said Mr Turner transferred 10 million shares of the stock to a charitable trust~: which then sold them.
In the total external disk storage system market~: revenue increased 1.5 percent year over year in the third quarter~: to $3.2 billion.
Instead of being reprimanded by court security officers~: a smiling senior policeman shook hands with Mr Laczynski and patted him on the shoulder.
I stand 100 percent by it~: and I think our intelligence services gave us the correct information at the time.
The FBI is trying to determine when White House officials and members of the vice president's staff first focused on Wilson and learned about his wife's employment at the CIA.
But skeptics are concerned about the ease with which vendors can use these hardware-based security features to set digital rights management policies.
Remaining shares will be held by QVC's management.
Another is investor disenchantment with US investments~: leading them to pull out of US assets - selling dollars as they do so and driving the dollar exchange rate down.
"The American decision provoked an angry reaction from the European Commission~: which described the move as ""legally unwarranted~: economically unfounded and politically unhelpful""."
They did not nationalize them~: Manouchehr Takin~: an analyst at the Center for Global Energy Studies in London~: said.
He faces 25 years in prison when he is sentenced in federal court July 7.
"On Thursday~: Lee won a preliminary injunction in New York preventing Viacom from using the name ""Spike TV."""
She said in 2003~: not one U.S. state had an obesity rate below 15 percent.
Wyeth estimates that 1.2 million women continue to take Prempro pills~: down from about 3.4 million before the study was halted last summer.
The lives of American warfighters can be placed at direct risk through illegal transfer of military components~: said Defense Department Inspector General Joseph Schmitz.
"He said the issue of disclosing classified information about a C.I.A. officer was ""a very serious matter"" that should be ""pursued to the fullest extent"" by the Justice Department."
Stanford (51-17) and Rice (57-12) will play for the national championship tonight.
Change will take time~: but is necessary for the nation's largest home improvement store chain if it is to grow amid increasing competition~: chief executive Bob Nardelli said.
U.N. inspectors later said the documents were old and irrelevant -- some administrative material~: some from a failed and well-known uranium-enrichment program of the 1980s.
Shares of Schering-Plough were off 2 cents at $16.78 near midday on the New York Stock Exchange.
Software developers use compilers to translate programming languages such as C++ into the language that can be read by a particular processor.
Intelligence officials in Washington warned lawmakers a week ago to expect a terrorist attack in Saudi Arabia~: it was reported today.
Djerejian said that in the last month Syria has taken steps in response to the pressure~: such as relocating the militant group offices out of Damascus.
A grassy field and asphalt island~: topped with an ATM~: sit where Orville Wright once developed a split airplane wing~: tinkered with cars and even built toys.
Announced last week~: Apple's iTunes Music Store has sold over 1 million songs in the first week~: the company announced on Monday.
Iran has yet to sign an additional protocol to the NPT treaty which would allow U.N. inspections at short notice.
Mr. Bremer said Iran continued to interfere in fledgling political reconstruction~: including Tehran s intelligence service.
The AP quotes a local policeman as saying the British troops were targeted by townspeople angry over civilian deaths during a demonstration yesterday in the town of Majar Al-Kabir.
A few hours later~: the House voted 256 to 170 to pass the Healthy Forest Restoration Act sponsored by Rep. Scott McInnis~: R-Colo.
"State Supreme Court Justice Ira Gammerman said in court this morning~: ""It was an ill-conceived lawsuit."""
In fresh bloodshed last night~: four Palestinian militants were killed by an explosion in the Gaza Strip~: Palestinian witnesses and medics said.
Hotly contested legislation that would change the state's takeover law and help a Michigan-based development company fend off a takeover cleared the state Senate on Thursday.
It was going to involve others~: said prosecutor Kenneth Karas at a Jan. 30 court hearing~: reports the Associated Press.
The report said the Corpus Christi-based agent twice called Escobar while the legislator was with the other protesting Democrats in Ardmore~: Okla.
US troops encountered fire from rocket-propelled grenades~: mortars~: and small arms coming from bunkers and buildings.
The announcement was made during the recording of a Christmas concert attended by top Vatican cardinals~: bishops~: and many elite from Italian society~: witnesses said.
It is important for a process to be put into place~: he said~: that would permit a smooth transition from war to peace.
"Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was ""evidence a body or bodies have been in this area""."
Six countries have advised their citizens not to travel to Taiwan for any reason~: the ministry said.
In the interview~: Janet Racicot said she heard the thud from the kitchen~: where she was getting a glass of water early Saturday morning.
Former U.S. Rep. Frank McCloskey~: 64~: died this afternoon in his home after a long battle with bladder cancer.
Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling CDMA chips against little or no competition.
The Rev. Christopher J. Coyne~: spokesman for the archdiocese~: wouldn't comment Friday.
Westfield also will continue discussions over the other co-owned centres~: such as Knox City in Melbourne~: where Deutsche Bank owns a 50 per cent stake.
Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.
It indicates~: Robert said~: “that terrorists really don’t care who they attack.
J.D. Edwards shareholders will receive 0.86 of a share of PeopleSoft for each share of J.D. Edwards.
The study is being published today in the journal Science.
I'm pleased by the fact that we are bringing this to a conclusion~: he said.
Mr. Kozlowski contends that the event included business and that some of those attending were Tyco employees.
Those who only had surgery lived an average of 46 months.
But they did not~: as of the time of this particular tragic event~: provide the security we had requested~: Mr Jordan said.
Handset market share for the second quarter~: it said~: is higher than the first quarter.
Both companies automate many channels~: though XM has some live programming~: and Sirius airs live in-studio performances and interviews.
The gloves are off~: said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill.
His decision was delayed by concerns over the budget process in Washington and the war in Iraq.
In Toronto~: police said they arrested 38 people and reported 114 incidents~: mostly for looting and other thefts.
Wal-Mart said it would check all of its million-plus domestic workers to ensure they were legally employed.
We have found the smoking gun~: board member Scott Hubbard said.
The Iranian refugee who sewed up his eyes~: lips and ears in protest at the handling of his asylum claim has won his fight to remain in Britain.
Clark said the program would cost about $100 million a year and would be part of the Department of Homeland Security.
Israel's defense minister on Sunday raised the specter of an Israeli invasion in the Gaza Strip~: where Palestinian militants already face a deadly air campaign.
Most of that - $51 billion - was for American troops in Iraq~: while another $10 billion was for U.S. forces in Afghanistan.
Terri Schiavo~: 39~: suffered severe brain damage following a heart attack 13 years ago.
The two had argued that only a new board would have had the credibility to restore El Paso to health.
It ended a diplomatic drought between the two nations~: at odds for months over North Korea's nuclear program and American demands that it cease.
"Ahold Chairman Henny de Ruiter offered shareholders at the meeting his ""sincere apologies"" for the scandal."
The Pentagon says it's a technique that's been successful in predicting elections~: even box-office receipts.
Spring has arrived in Estonia -- we're back in Europe~: Prime Minister Juhan Parts told a news conference on Sunday.
Goss said CIA Director George Tenet has provided the committee with 19 volumes of documents on prewar intelligence which has been made available to House members.
Dr. Sutherland~: 65~: was a co-founder of Evans & Sutherland~: an early maker of high-performance computers.
The dividend~: the company's second this calendar year~: is payable Nov. 7 to shareholders of record at the close of business Oct. 17.
Police said they will conduct DNA tests to confirm the man's identity.
We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment.
He is temporarily serving as Chechnya's acting president while his boss~: Akhmad Kadyrov~: is on the campaign trail.
In Falluja on Thursday~: two grenades were thrown at soldiers from the Third Armored Cavalry Regiment~: wounding seven.
The anguish was detectable in the voices of those of Forlong's television colleagues who would speak on Monday.
Now they are waiting to see if Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan will try and repair the damage in his testimony to the House next week.
Burns believed that confessing a crime he did not commit was the only way out~: Richardson said.
Woodley~: 44~: died of liver and kidney failure Sunday at a hospital in his native Shreveport~: La.~: said his niece~: Lucy Woodley.
The camp hosts summer religious retreats for children and other events year-round~: according to its Web site.
Five-time Tour de France winner and cancer survivor Lance Armstrong had a few words of advice for other cancer survivors in Denver on Friday.
Historians believe it was carrying 9 tons of gold coins aimed at buying the loyalty of the Duke of Savoy~: a potential ally in southeastern France.
Mehr said police had no way of knowing what Kilpatrick was shooting at when he fired his gun.
British-born astronaut Michael Foale is about to fly into space to take up his post as commander of the International Space Station.
Shares of McDonald's rose $1.83~: or 8.3 percent~: to close at the day's high of $23.89.
He was arrested Friday night at an Alpharetta seafood restaurant while dining with his wife~: singer Whitney Houston.
Clearly Roman creams of any type do not normally survive in the archaeological record.
He later learned that the incident was caused by the Concorde's sonic boom.
The company must either pay NTP the $53.7-million or post a bond with the court pending the appeal~: Mr. Wallace said.
Another brother~: Ali Imron~: was sentenced to life in prison after cooperating with investigators and showing remorse.
While the Ibrahims had one separation operation~: Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres~: with several weeks between each.
Brian Lara~: the West Indies captain~: was unbeaten on 93 at the rain interval while Marlon Samuels was five not out.
This Wednesday~: the 127th anniversary of Custer's defeat~: formal recognition is coming to the Indian warriors who prevailed that hot day~: June 25~: 1876.
Excluding litigation charges~: RIM's loss narrowed even further to 1 cent a share.
China would become only the third nation to put a human in space.
Dr Mark McClean~: Jonathan's family doctor~: said if the drug had been administered earlier Jonathan would have retained more of his brain functions.
About 130~:000 U.S. troops remain in Iraq~: with others deployed in Afghanistan~: South Korea and elsewhere.
State health officials have reported 18 suspected cases in Wisconsin~: 10 in Indiana and five in Illinois.
I just got carried away and started making stuff~: Byrne said.
"Officials at Brandeis said this was an ""extremely heartrending"" time for the campus."
"They went into the operations of their own free will~:"" their father Dadollah Bijani said."
Later in the day~: however~: a former Intel executive turned the tables in a speech where he blasted wireless as being too complicated and too difficult to install.
PC-related products were the strongest sector in July~: with microprocessors up 5.6% and DRAMs up 8.2% from June~: the industry group said.
Any decision on Charleroi will have huge implications for regional airports in France~: he said.
Stout previously worked for General Electric subsidiary GE Capital Service Inc.~: where he was vice president and chief technology and information officer.
Metro~: bus and local rail services in France's four largest towns -- Paris~: Lyon~: Lille and Marseille -- were severely disrupted~: Europe 1 radio reported.
He was in Cincinnati helping another daughter move when the tragedy occurred~: friends said.
The Cleveland Cavaliers won the right to draft James by winning the NBA's annual lottery Thursday night.
We think they have the right to choose.
Dusenbery's fiancee~: Jessica Wheat~: said he was considering settling down in Fort Campbell and making the Army his career.
Additionally~: early voting will be conducted from 1 to 6 p.m. Sept. 7.
These changes may affect a large number of existing Web pages~: the statement continued.
Elsewhere~: European stocks were barely changed but within a few points of year highs.
It is not clear whether the apology was written on the orders of Mr Blair or at Mr Campbell's initiative.
The arrests came two days after Ken Livingstone~: the London Mayor~: claimed police and security services had foiled four terrorist attacks on the capital.
But while the prime minister's trial judders to a halt~: his co-defendants in the same case are not protected.
Come tonight~: 21-year-old Morgan and as many as 1~:200 fellow students at Wheaton College will gather in the gym for the first real dance in the school's 143-year history.
Defense attorneys said Durst accidentally shot Black in the face as they struggled for a gun after the elderly man illegally entered his apartment.
"Baer said he had concluded that lawyers for the two victims ""have shown~: albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaeda""."
In version 4.1~: a new web-based Distributed Authoring and Versioning interface speeds up the flow of information between workstations and the server.
State media said there were at least 770 dead and over 5~:600 injured.
Though the legal age for marriage in Romania is 18~: the country generally tolerates the Gypsy tradition of arranged child weddings.
Richard Grasso quit as chairman last week after losing the support of his board amid public furor over his $140 million pay package.
In interviews with engineers~: most of whom have not spoken publicly until now~: the lines of discord between NASA's engineers and managers are evident.
On Wednesday~: a man was shot near Kut as he tried to run over two marines at a checkpoint.
The decision was among the most significant steps toward deregulation undertaken during the Bush administration.
Prosecutors said Paracha~: if convicted~: could face at least 17 years in prison.
It is wasting both water and money~: Ortega said Tuesday.
In hardest-hit Taipei~: traffic has disappeared from once bustling streets~: ubiquitous department stores stand mostly empty and restaurants are eerily quiet.
They passed through the Lemelson Medical~: Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership in 2001 to Syndia.
"Intel was disappointed and assessing its ""options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel~:"" spokesman Chuck Mulloy said."
Brendsel and chief financial officer Vaughn Clarke resigned June 9.
Williams was White~: and four of his victims were Black; the fifth was White.
"The report by the Justice Department's inspector general found ""significant problems"" in the government's handling of foreigners who were jailed under blanket edicts adopted by the department after the attacks."
He is one of two Democrats on the five-member FCC~: and he is a strong advocate of harsher penalties against radio and television stations that violate indecency laws.
But the subject of oil market debate~: Iraq~: will not be present~: an issue which has rankled Iraqi officials.
We did not want to shut down~: Lawrence Diamond~: the CFO~: said as O'Donnell lawyer Matthew Fishbein questioned him.
The WWF also thinks a further 13~:000 animals are being caught every year around the Straits of Gibraltar and in nearby areas.
Kiernan testified that Seifert had received a gunshot wound to the back.
The NASD also alleges Young flew multiple times on Tyco corporate jets~: often accompanied by Kozlowski.
Vial estimated that 250 to 500 vehicles were stranded overnight after the pass through the Siskiyou Mountains was closed Sunday night.
One~: Fort Carson-based Sgt. Ernest Bucklew~: 33~: was on his way home to attend his mother's funeral in Pennsylvania~: relatives said.
The decision unnerved voting officials who already have been warning that they have barely enough time to organize the election before the balloting is scheduled to begin.
Jim Furyk celebrated his first Father's Day as a father by winning his first major golf championship.
Dell has about 32 percent of the U.S. market~: but much lower share in the rest of the world.
At this point~: Mr. Brando announced: 'Somebody ought to put a bullet' through her head~: the motion continued.
Based on the history and success of The Winston in Charlotte~: I believe theres no place but Lowes Motor Speedway that can do it justice.
The horrific nature of the attacks is often fueled by a mix of tribal hatreds and a desire to spread terror in the region.
Sen. Charles Schumer~: D-N.Y.~: sent a letter to President Bush Wednesday demanding action on the legislation.
"Still~: he said~: ""I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill."""
"SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a ""building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."""
Six Democrats are vying to succeed Jacques and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.
O'Keefe declined to discuss whether such photos from spy satellites might have been able to detect the small crack in the wing.
This legislation benefits the entire state of Illinois~: every town~: every city~: every citizen~: Blagojevich told the crowd of political heavyweights at O'Hare.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was off 11.64 points~: or 0.60 percent~: at 1~:912.65.
Cross-dressing teens from Harvey Milk High School offered sex for money in Greenwich Village and then robbed the would-be johns by pretending to be cops~: sources said last night.
Three American warships are off the Liberian coast carrying a total of 2~:300 marines.
"Mr Martin said the company is ""cautiously optimistic regarding some improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of 2003""."
It's probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program~: but I look forward to the challenge~: Parsons told reporters at NASA headquarters.
A former candidate for governor of New York~: he styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.
Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue~: which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset~: the company said in a statement.
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. PEP.N were likely to be in the spotlight.
Allied forces have overthrown the government~: moved into Saddam Hussein's palaces and started to patrol the streets of the capital.
He explained that he found Antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 as a post-doctoral research assistant at England's University of Bristol.
Ms Stewart~: the chief executive~: was not expected to attend.
However~: disability declined by more than 10 percent for those 60 to 69~: the study said.
There are only 2~:000 Roman Catholics living in Banja Luka now.
Almihdhar and Alhazmi were aboard American Airlines Flight 77~: which crashed into the Pentagon.
Wal-Mart~: Kohl's Corp.~: Family Dollar Stores Inc.~: and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.
In case the company does not turn in the reports before the end of May~: it is likely to be delisted~: an SFC official said.
Even as little as 2 or 3 grams of trans fat a day — a glazed doughnut has 4 grams — can increase health risks.
I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job~: she said.
The number of extremely obese adults -- those who are at least 100 pounds overweight -- has quadrupled since the 1980s to about 4 million.
Nick Markakis~: a left-hander from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia~: went to the Orioles with the seventh pick.
He was voluntarily castrated in 2001~: an operation he contends removed his ability to become sexually aroused.
"Selling it symbolically writes a finish to that chapter in the administration of our city schools."""
A few miles further east is Tehuacan~: where corn may first have been domesticated 4~:000 years ago.
If we could do that throughout the world~: we could end terrorism~: he said.
Such a move has been widely predicted by industry observers and follows the recent announcement that Christopher Galvin~: the company's chairman and chief executive~: would soon retire.
Some 26.5 million shares changed hands~: more than three times the daily average over 10 days of 6.8 million.
"Also~: hospital efforts to start ""fever clinics"" in parking lot tents to keep infectious patients out of emergency rooms are ""moving along impressively~:"" Dr. Roth said."
I think it happened very quickly~: Houston Police Department homicide investigator Phil Yochum said of the crime.
"A Merrill Lynch spokesman said ""we are pleased with the judge's decision."""
In the year-ago period~: Pearson posted a 26 million pre-tax profit.
Gateway will release new Profile 4 systems with the new Intel technology on Wednesday.
A Trillian representative did not return an e-mail requesting comment.
A member of the chart-topping collective So Solid Crew dumped a loaded pistol in an alleyway as he fled from police~: a court heard yesterday.
It will also unveil a version of its Windows Server 2003 operating system tuned specifically for storage devices.
This will be a marathon~: not a sprint~: said Jimmy D. Staton~: a senior vice president with the utility.
They boy's father~: Terrance Cottrell Sr.~: 33~: said yesterday he wants everyone involved in his son's death to be held responsible.
He says information released about a tarot card left at one shooting scene may have prolonged the spree by cutting off fragile communications with the sniper.
The industry's largest association is urging its members not call the more than 50 million home and cellular numbers on the list.
In addition~: UDDI will have to significantly be improved to handle those aspects of SOAs.
One had also pointed to the word refugee in an English/Turkish dictionary.
Mrs Boncyk's husband~: Wayne~: had taken the family car to work~: so his wife and children had to ride with neighbours.
It will also give Microsoft an opportunity to comment on remedies proposed by the Commission.
The victims were last seen at church last Sunday; their bodies were discovered Tuesday.
The UMass president has acknowledged talking to him once since he went on the lam in 1995~: just before federal indictments were handed down.
"The nation~: Bush said~: ""will not stand by and wait for another attack~: or trust in the restraint and good intentions of evil men."""
The company is highlighting the addition of .NET and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment (EAE) with the new mainframe.
Bush also said he plans to meet with scientists and legal experts and will not make a determination on the bill for a few more weeks.
The researchers at Imperial College London had previously shown that the hormone could suppress the appetites of lean people.
Like Viacom~: GE -- parent of NBC -- is also seen as a less enthusiastic bidder compared to the likes of Bronfman or Davis.
The agency said it would not release the name of the 17-year-old involved because he is a minor.
With the Fourth of July weekend approaching~: state parks such as the Spruce Run Recreation Area in Union Township will be open.
"The pill~: which they call the ""polypill~:"" would contain aspirin~: a cholesterol-lowering drug~: three blood pressure-lowering drugs at half the standard dose and folic acid."
Shares of AT&T climbed 4.4 percent or 90 cents to $21.40~: adding to the previous day's gain of 6 percent.
The United States only agreed to let the agency back into Iraq after repeated warnings by IAEA chief Mohamed ElBaradei.
In Las Vegas~: agents entered two clubs — Cheetah's and Jaguars — along with Galardi Enterprises~: an office atop a bar and pool hall in downtown Las Vegas.
Chief Executive Rod Eddington is to meet the three unions separately on Monday afternoon.
The state will consider the police memorial after planning a World Trade Center Memorial~: said Micah Rasmussen~: a spokesman for Gov. James E. McGreevey.
Each hull will cost about $1.4 billion~: with each fully outfitted submarine costing about $2.2 billion~: Young said.
"John Logsdon~: a board member~: said that ""human spaceflight had become a place where dissent was not welcome."""
Carlton Dotson~: a teammate who lives in Hurlock~: Md.~: said he talked to police Friday but was instructed not to talk about the case.
A company spokeswoman declined to say how much Qwest receives in annual revenue from government contracts.
At least 2 female patients sharing a room and 10 nurses have fevers or other symptoms~: and about 100 people who have had contact with them have been quarantined.
They were chipping away at the concrete to get to the body~: said Chris Butler~: who lives across the street.
The only other person who had not been accounted for Sunday was a man from Fort Worth~: Texas.
The panel ordered the Commerce Department to issue revised figures for the duties within 60 days.
In September~: a 27-year-old Singapore researcher contracted SARS while working in a laboratory.
We think this planet formed with its star~: 12.713 billion years ago when the (Milky Way) galaxy was very young~: just in the process of forming.
Bloodsworth was ultimately cleared with evidence gathered from a semen stain on the victim's panties.
The district also sent letters yesterday informing parents of the situation.
"London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters: ""We condemn this raid~: which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable."""
Genetic studies of ethnic groups raise concerns because of fears that they could be used or distorted to justify discrimination against a group or to promote stereotypes.
"But White House spokesman Ari Fleischer said yesterday: ""The steps the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qa'ida are insufficient."""
House Democrats are planning a series of town meetings throughout the nation this month to lay out their complaints about the House bill.
The resolution was approved with no debate by delegates at the bar association's annual meeting here.
Now~: for the first time~: those without Internet access can sign up with a single phone call.
Only one of the five buildings in the Baghdad compound of the United Nations Development Program escaped being burned~: the UN said on its Web site.
"It's almost as if they (Russians) hit an x-mark on the ground~:"" NASA spokesman Robert Navias said."
Police then called a bomb squad~: but the device exploded~: killing Wells~: before bomb technicians arrived.
"Sean Harrigan of Calpers~: the California fund~: said: ""Today we are trying to pull the pig from the trough."
Bush's aides describe Omaha as the most crucial stop~: since Sen. Ben Nelson (D-Neb.) has become their top lobbying target on the tax cut package.
By its actions~: the Bush administration threatens to give a bad name to a just war~: Lieberman said.
Other recall suits are pending in federal court.
Mitchell~: Man of La Mancha~: Malcolm Gets from Amour and John Selya~: Movin' Out~: complete the field.
There are 625 U.N. troops in Bunia~: while there are between 25~:000 and 28~:000 tribal fighters~: from all sides~: in the region.
I love the Catholic Church with all my heart~: mind~: soul and strength~: said Troy~: who spoke quickly but in a steady voice.
In the latest top-level shuffle at CNN~: Teya Ryan is leaving her post as general manager of U.S. programming~: the network announced.
Power5~: like Power4~: includes two processor cores in a single slice of silicon.
Russian Yuri Malenchenko~: American Edward Lu and Pedro Duque of Spain landed in their Soyuz TMA-2 capsule at 0240 GMT.
The new servers will run either Linux or the x86 version of Solaris~: he said.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 27.13 points~: or 1.64 percent~: at 1~:626.49~: based on the latest data.
We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attacks~: said Barbara Comstock~: Ashcroft's press secretary.
It warned that London~: along with several other foreign cities~: was facing an increasing threat of a suicide bomb attack.
"WHO spokeswoman Maria Cheng agreed~: saying: ""It looks very much like an isolated event."""
Second quarter sales came in at $645 million~: up from $600 million the year before~: AMD said.
These documents are indecipherable to me~: and the fact is that this investigation has led nowhere~: the lawyer said.
This left the Eurotop 300 benchmark about six points off its highest level since January 17 -- hit earlier in the session.
Long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines Sunday as Israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country.
Retailers J.C. Penney Co. Inc.JCP.N and Walgreen Co.WAG.N kick things off early in the week.
Instead~: the high court said that drug makers did not adequately show why the plan should be prevented from taking effect.
This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java~: Visual C# and Visual Basic .NET.
The skull is then punctured~: the brain suctioned out~: and that causes the skull to collapse so it can be removed from the birth canal.
The men were remanded in custody and are due to appear again before court on July 8.
Officials said all three would be charged with conspiracy to commit murder.
"We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light~: through the prism of our experience on 11 September~:"" Rumsfeld said."
In December 1998~: a 33-year-old woman died when she was hit by a metal cleat that came loose from the Columbia sailing ship.
Team President Ken Sawyer told the Pittsburgh Post Gazette Sunday that Lemieux has not spoken to him about selling his interest in the Penguins or about playing for another team.
More than 100 police officers were involved in the busts that were the culmination of a two-year operation investigating the cocaine importing and money laundering gang.
Seven of the nine major Democratic presidential candidates will address the forum.
The federal government is approving new pesticides without basic information such as whether they harm children~: says Canada's environment commissioner.
They said he organized a network of associates operating in as many as a dozen states.
The Coast Guard airlifted the survivors to Bartlett Regional Hospital~: Wetherell said.
Downstream at Mount Vernon~: the Skagit River was expected to crest at 36 feet -- 8 feet above flood stage -- tonight~: Burke said.
The findings appear in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association (news - web sites).
And in the Muslim world~: Osama bin Laden is becoming more of a hero~: not less of one.
Marshall pressed the practical case that a quite similar civil-rights bill based on the 14th Amendment was struck down by the Supreme Court in 1883.
Barry Callebaut will be able to use Brach's retail network to sell products made from its German subsidiary Stollwerck~: which makes chocolate products not sold in the United States.
Mr. Marshall demonstrated a preference for results over rhetoric in preparing the Civil Rights Act.
They also found shortness was associated with a family history of hearing loss.
In 2001 and 2002~: wire transfers from 4 of the company's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion~: prosecutors said.
The airline said the results showed that its recovery programme and other initiatives were helping to offset a continued deterioration in revenues.
New Yorkers didn't embrace these units like they could have~: said Matthew Daus~: chairman of the commission.
The upcoming second-quarter earnings season will be particularly important in offering investors guidance~: they say.
Cullen~: 43~: is charged with murdering a Catholic clergyman and attempting to kill another patient at Somerset Medical Center.
"The word Advent~: from Latin~: means ""the coming."""
The test was conducted by the University of California at Los Angeles and Riverside and was paid $450~:000 from the ARB.
"Mr Eddington warned yesterday that the future of the airline was ""in the hands of the negotiators""."
For legal purposes~: J.P. Morgan and Citigroup neither admit nor deny the SEC charges under the settlements.
Urban hospitals have traditionally been reimbursed at higher rates on the belief that medical treatment is less expensive in small cities and towns.
Robert Liscouski~: the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Infrastructure Protection~: will oversee NCSD.
The vulnerability affects an interface with RPC that deals with message exchange over TCP/IP port 135~: according to Microsoft.
He claimed Red Hat and the Free Software Foundation with trying to undermine U.S. copyright and patent law.
The US on Tuesday assembled a coalition of more than a dozen countries to launch a World Trade Organisation case against the European Union's ban on new genetically modified crops.
The virus kills roughly 36~:000 people in an average year~: according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Government workers trapped in a burning downtown office tower frantically dialed 911 as they tried to make their way through smoke-filled staircases and hallways~: officials said.
"We don't know at this point if the current investigation includes one or more outside contractors.,We do not know if the current investigation involves one or more multiple contractors~:"" she said."
The case had consolidated numerous class action suits filed against Rambus in 2001.
France~: Russia~: China and others had advocated a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen Iraqi authority international legitimacy.
As he left court~: McCartney cast one long angry glare at Amrozi~: who almost hid behind his lawyer to the side.
However~: the Nasdaq composite index managed to eke out a gain of 4.64 points at 1~:735.34.
Kevin Rollins~: Dell's president~: received $770~:962 in salary and a bonus of just more than $2-million in fiscal 2003.
The most recent was in 1998~: when Dr Barnett Slepian was killed in his home in Amherst~: New York.
Vivendi argues the agreement had not been approved by the board and that the payoff was inappropriate given the state of Vivendi's finances when new CEO Jean-Rene Fourtou took over.
In the 1990's~: the board found~: budget cuts and trade-offs ate away at the shuttle program's safety margins.
The GameCube~: which badly underperformed expectations in the last fiscal year~: trails both Sony's PlayStation 2 and Microsoft Corp.'s MSFT.O Xbox.
Law enforcement sources who spoke on condition of anonymity confirmed to The Associated Press that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County state attorney's office.
Shares of Pleasanton-based PeopleSoft rose 4 cents~: to $16.96~: in Monday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
When ex-Mepham head coach Kevin McElroy walked into the court to testify~: some of the victims' supporters turned their backs on him.
It's one of several negotiating items where Canada appears to have caved in to U.S. demands and accepted less favourable terms.
Notes: Cabrera~: at 20 years~: 63 days~: is the second-youngest player to debut with the Marlins.
He found that men who had ejaculated more than five times a week in their 20s were a third less likely to develop aggressive prostate cancer later in life.
On Wednesday~: Judge Pollack dismissed another case~: this one against Merrill Lynch investors in the firm's Global Technology Fund.
It's amazing to be part of an industry that rewards its young~: said Hernandez~: who is a recent graduate of Parsons School of Design.
A weak cold front could bring thunderstorms into South Texas on Sunday at the same time a tropical wave moves in from the Yucatan.
My decision today is not based on any one event.
Small-business customers paying $1~:200 to $3~:200 a year could save $60 to $120.
Geraldine Andrews~: the pastor's daughter-in-law~: said Robinson recently took her daughter out of a mental health facility.
Page said it's also possible that genes on the Y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
Our prognosis for a continued and steady recovery is being realized~: and the outlook remains bright~: bureau CEO Greg Stuart says.
At one of the three sampling sites at Huntington Beach~: the bacteria reading came back at 160 on June 16 and at 120 on June 23.
It said a civil complaint by the Securities and Exchange Commission is expected as well.
The charges came after the federal government prohibited the sheik from speaking with the media and imposed special measures restricting his access to mail~: the telephone and visitors.
Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant~: they announced at a press conference yesterday.
"They are tired of paying the high cost of CDs and DVDs and prefer more flexible forms of on-demand media delivery."""
Its keywords are supported by Chinese language Web portals.
An officer in the People's Liberation Army selected from a pool of 14~: Lt-Col Yang is the son of a teacher and an official at an agricultural firm.
He acted as an international executive producer on Who Wants to be a Millionaire and The Weakest Link.
Meanwhile~: rival contender~: General Electric's NBC~: submitted a letter of interest~: a source familiar with the matter said.
Neighboring Canada has just decided to legalize same-sex marriage~: and they have high hopes that Massachusetts' supreme court will take a similar step soon.
It has also been revealed the boy's family filed two other abuse-related lawsuits in the past~: winning a $165~:000 settlement in one case.
The House would limit the increases to troops serving in Iraq and Afghanistan~: not to those supporting the nation's war efforts from bases outside the combat zone.
Feelings about current business conditions improved substantially from the first quarter~: jumping from 40 to 55.
Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma today cut short a visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia deteriorates further.
"But Mr. Peterson added~: ""I don't know anybody in the conference committee who's fighting to keep it out completely."""
Justices Stephen Breyer~: Sandra Day O'Connor and Anthony Kennedy disagreed.
The new department is charged with patrolling borders~: analyzing U.S. intelligence~: responding to emergencies and guarding against terrorism~: among other tasks.
Telemarketers who call numbers on the list after Oct. 1 could face fines of up to $11~:000 per call.
Federal offices were to remain closed for a second day overnight (Friday US time).
He did a bad job going up there~: Mr. Villalona said.
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC when it bought the assets of Connectix earlier this year.
The Vatican devised a mini-lift to allow the pope to get on and off helicopters.
The WHIMS study found that combination hormone therapy doubled the risk for probable dementia in women 65 and older and did not prevent mild cognitive impairment.
Senate passage of the Medicare bill was almost certain~: possibly as early as today.
Both were charged with four counts of aggravated assault and 14 counts of endangering the welfare of children.
"No team has overcome a 3-1 deficit in the NBA Finals~: and the New Jersey Nets don't want to try their luck at such a daunting task."""
"Whitey Bulger is now on the law enforcement agency's ""10 Most Wanted"" list alongside Osama bin Laden."
"In Montana~: tensions were high yesterday morning as officials prepared for what one official called an ""ugly"" forecast: more dry lightning and windstorms."
Committee approval~: expected today~: would set the stage for debate on the Senate floor beginning Monday.
Similar bills passed the House twice but died in the Senate.
Tornadoes tore through Kansas~: Missouri and other states in the Midwest~: killing as many as 29 people~: the Associated Press reported.
By Wednesday~: the Red Planet will come as near to Earth as it has been in 60~:000 years.
The results were released at Tuesday's meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and will be published in Thursday's New England Journal of Medicine.
Southwest said it completed inspections of its entire fleet of 385 aircraft -- all 737s -- and found no additional items.
It's unfortunate that Senator Clinton would seek to politicize such a qualified nominee as Governor Leavitt~: said Taylor Gross~: a White House spokesman.
I don't think my brain is going to go dead this afternoon or next week~: he said.
For the second year in a row~: rises in hospital costs accounted for much of the inflation~: accounting for 51 percent of the overall cost increase.
As a responsible leader we feel it necessary to make these changes because online chat services are increasingly being misused~: Microsoft told the BBC.
The Syrian government has said nothing in public about the raid.
While Bolton apparently fell and was immobilized~: Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot~: razor-wire fence~: Fischi said.
"That's one reason why I'm running to be president~:"" he told a rally in New Hampshire."
If the extra equity for the project cannot be found~: AustMag directors will have to abandon the project in order to avoid trading while the company is insolvent.
We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary~: said Gilles W. Burger~: State Board of Elections chairman.
"It represents an important opportunity to put a halt to a national effort aimed at removing any religious phrase or reference from our culture."""
She says the King County medical examiner's office has confirmed the remains are human.
The deal will combine Adobe's Form Server~: Form Designer and Reader products with IBM's DB2 Content Manager and DB2 CommonStore products.
His chief lawyer~: Mahendradatta~: said Bashir was mentally prepared for a heavy sentencing demand and felt the Marriott bombing would affect the decision.
Tuition at the six two-year community colleges will leap by $300~: to $2~:800.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> advanced 11 points~: or 1.25 percent~: to 931.
The Tuesday Supreme Court announcement stems from an appeal involving Michael Newdow~: a California atheist whose 9-year-old daughter~: like most elementary schoolchildren~: hears the pledge recited daily.
The male eagle was found by a zookeeper early Thursday~: suffering from severe puncture wounds in his abdomen.
These are dark days for our industry~: Giovanni Bisignani~: director general of the Geneva-based organization~: said in a statement.
In Europe~: France's CAC-40 fell 0.8 percent~: Britain's FTSE 100 lost 0.9 percent and Germany's DAX index gave back 1 percent.
But for a meaningful dialogue to begin~: cross-border terrorism should end and terror infrastructure must be dismantled.
The court on Monday reversed the decision of that court~: the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
The Justice Department and the Federal Communications Commission have the final say.
Initial reports indicated the shots had been fired from inside a mosque.
This is the only planet that has been found in orbit around a binary star system.
The row intensified after Culture Minister Jean-Jacques Aillagon said the government would go ahead with planned cuts to unemployment benefits despite howls of protest from actors.
The worst-affected area was South Kyongsang province where at least 15 people drowned and roads were swept away.
"Mr Abbas said: ""Every day without an agreement is an opportunity that was lost."
For the same reason Dell and Gateway can get TVs~: there's no reason Wal-Mart can't get computers~: said Steve Baker~: an analyst with NPD Group.
"Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence ""feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there."
"And now it's anything he wants to say~:"" Alesha Badgley~: Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director~: said this week."
Yehuda Abraham~: a 76-year-old jeweler in New York's diamond district~: allegedly accepted a $30~:000 down payment on behalf of Lakhani for the missiles~: the government said.
"Enter Miami Police Chief John Timoney~: an avowed enemy of activist ""punks"" who repeatedly classified FTAA opponents as ""outsiders coming in to terrorize and vandalize our city."""
The euro was at 126.38/43 yen little changed from its late U.S. level of 126.35 yen but down sharply from around 127.60 yen the same time on Tuesday.
A neighbor said a duffel bag containing a woman's body was dug up~: and the other body was encased in concrete.
In an interview~: Healey~: who is a criminologist~: acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment.
Southwest~: the largest U.S. discount airline~: said Friday that inspections of its fleet of 385 planes had found no additional items.
Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners premiums might finally be getting relief.
One of the features is the ability to delete data on a handheld device or lock down the device should a user lose it.
Market research firm Dell'Oro Group estimates this market will total $12 billion in 2004.
"People who have opposed these actions throughout are now trying to find fresh reasons to say this wasn't the right thing to do."""
The updated products include Pylon Pro~: Pylon Conduit~: Pylon Anywhere~: and Pylon Application Server.
Fourteen of those infected passengers sat within four seats of the SARS patient and two were flight attendants~: said Mike Ryan~: WHO's global coordinator for anti-SARS efforts.
We disagree with the judge's decision on notice for Engine Company 261~: said a statement by Michael A. Cardozo~: the city's corporation counsel.
New York City will get an estimated $182.5 million in tax revenue from the bonuses this year~: compared with last year's $125.4 million.
A lot of these are made-up stories~: Schwarzenegger told NBC television.
Hospitals and the Red Cross appealed to blood donors yesterday.
The trial~: featuring 125 witnesses~: could continue until the start of 2004.
The 90-minute exchange in Boston took place at a debate focusing on the issues of interest to young people.
Peterson~: a former fertilizer salesman~: is charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and the baby boy she was carrying.
The three-story brick building has apartments on the upper floors and the Snack Bar and Café downstairs.
A US programmer has developed a software tool that allows users to download shared music files using Apples Windows iTunes software~: which was released last month.
"WorldCom~: brought down by an $11 billion accounting scandal~: is adopting the name of its MCI long-distance division in a bid to clean up its image.,"
There's also a flaw that results because IE does not implement an appropriate block on a file download dialog box.
Consumers would still have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.
"He says that ""this is a time when we priests need to be renewing our pledge to celibacy~: not questioning it."
Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney~: Thomas Royce~: has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.
This is one of the most important solutions for portable gaming~: Nintendo R&D general manager Satoru Okada said in a statement.
Later this year~: the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions.
We're going to defend these charges in court~: said Ira Lee Sorkin~: Furst's attorney.
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings~: but few Balinese attended the trial.
They are being held on immigration violations as the incident is investigated.
The world's two largest automakers said their U.S. sales declined more than predicted last month as a late summer sales frenzy caused more of an industry backlash than expected.
"In a statement~: Lee said he ""no longer believes that Viacom deliberately intended to trade on my name when naming Spike TV."""
He urged member states that contribute police and soldiers to U.N. peacekeeping operations to provide more women.
No company employee has received an individual target letter at this time.
ConAgra stock closed Monday on the New York Stock Exchange at $21.63 a share~: down 11 cents.
The cuts are expected to save Texas consumers more than $510 million~: and most policyholders will see reductions~: Black said.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 index slipped 12.27 points or 1.23 percent to 981.73.
He planned Monday to formally announce the effort alongside several union presidents.
There is only one drug on the market for macular degeneration~: and it is approved to treat only one subtype that represents a minority of cases.
Strayhorn said it was the first time in Texas history a comptroller had not certified the appropriations act.
Roslyn shares gained 82 cents to close at $20.79 yesterday in Nasdaq trading.
The Nasdaq fell about 1.3% for the month~: snapping a seven-month winning streak.
SSE CEO Marchant said he would sell on Midlands' power generation assets in Turkey and Pakistan to fellow British utility International Power Plc IPR.L for 21 million pounds.
It would not affect economic damages such as lost wages or hospital bills.
Earlier this month~: Bremer called off a visit here~: a move officials privately linked to U.S. uncertainty about the Kurdish issue.
Clearly~: the debate (over recent developments) has had an effect~: says David Smith of the Human Rights Campaign.
In three years~: Lend Lease has slipped from a top-five stock~: when its share price was around $24~: to 37th.
Another body was pulled from the water on Thursday and two seen floating down the river could not be retrieved due to the strong currents~: local reporters said.
The artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help most--performers who have a hard time lining up work.
At least 1~:750 people were ordered to evacuate their homes shortly before 9 a.m. as a precaution~: said Steve Powers~: Marquette County administrator.
Experts said the case marks one of the first times in which a parent was charged with contributing to a child's suicide.
"Labor's Julia Gillard said it was a ""major failure of coastal surveillance""."
The consumer group generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue from January to June~: 53% of Citigroup's profit and revenue.
Another shooting linked to the spree occurred Nov. 11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz~: about two miles from the freeway.
Global HRT sales~: which are dominated by Wyeth of the US~: were worth $3.8bn in 2001~: according to Data- monitor~: the London-based market research company.
Xerox shares closed at $11.45~: up 2 cents on the New York Stock Exchange.
Because of the holiday period~: the agency will not release data from the period since Dec. 27 until today.
"That's the highest third-quarter growth rate we've seen in over 25 years~:"" said Andy Bryant~: Intel's chief financial officer."
Bashir felt he was being tried by opinion not on the facts~: Mahendradatta told Reuters.
Rashidi Ahmad~: 33~: was found dead in his pickup truck after it crashed into a building at Lincolnshire and Williamsborough drives~: near Franklin Boulevard.
"Investment bank Merrill Lynch raised its investment rating on the business software maker Oracle to ""buy"" from ""neutral"" with a 12-month price target of $15."
Watson~: of Whitakers~: N.C.~: was found guilty of making a false threat to detonate explosives~: and destruction of federal property.
Early voting will run weekdays from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. through Sept. 9.
In January 1996~: two of his nude models were arrested atop of a Manhattan snowdrift~: posed beneath an ice-cream parlor sign that advertised Frozen Fantasies.
The US chip market is expected to decline 2.1 percent this year~: then grow 15.7 percent in 2004.
The officials did not say whether U.S. forces crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian border guards became involved.
Cindy Yeast~: a 50-year-old Washington-area publicist~: says she began taking supplements two years ago in part to avoid mild dementia that affects her elderly parents.
"From Justin to Kelly~: starring ""American Idol"" winner Kelly Clarkson and runner-up Justin Guarini~: opened at No. 11 with only $2.9 million."
South San Francisco's Genentech~: the world's second-biggest biotechnology company~: rose 6.6 percent to $66.73.
The cables can be engorged with far more power~: and it can be turned on and off like a water spigot~: making billing more accurate~: Taub said.
Scruggs~: who did not testify~: was cleared of a second charge of failing to provide her son with proper medical and psychological care.
Professor Hermon-Taylor adds~: An unexpected finding of the research showed that patients suffering with Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) were also infected with the MAP bug.
The intelligence service~: headed by Mr. Fujimori's spy chief~: Vladimiro Montesinos~: was accused of tortures~: drug trafficking and disappearances.
Two astronomers surveying the region around Jupiter have detected 20 new moons~: bringing the giant planet's total to 60.
She has also signed a contract with Random House to write two books.
Food and Drug Administration (news - web sites) Commissioner Mark McClellan said Kraft's initiative could start an important trend.
Trading volume was incredibly light at 500.22 million shares~: below an already thin 611.45 million exchanged at the same point Thursday.
"Police arrested a ""potential suspect"" Monday in the case of a nine-year-old girl who turned up safe two days after being violently abducted from her home."
The European Union is basically absent~: said Tito Barbini~: regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany~: Italy.
At least 150 people are scheduled to testify at the hearings in Gaithersburg~: Md.~: on Tuesday and Wednesday~: with experts and activists lining up on each side.
The Swiss franc rose nearly a third of a centime against the dollar and was last at 1.2998 <CHF=> to the greenback.
Several shots rang out in the darkness~: but only one gator had been killed by 11 p.m.
After that process is completed~: it will take an additional six to eight months to refurbish the center~: Day said.
No one has been killed in the attacks~: which have continued despite major setbacks for al Qaeda in a battle with Saudi security forces.
"President Bush called the blackout ""a wake-up call"" for Americans about the nation's outdated power grid."
D'Cunha said~: from a science standpoint~: Toronto's last case was April 19~: so the all-clear day was actually yesterday.
The notification was first reported Friday by MSNBC.
White House officials also deleted a reference to a 1999 study showing that global temperatures had risen sharply in the previous decade compared with the last 1~:000 years.
The other 18 people in the building~: including Harrison's ex-girlfriend~: were not injured~: police spokesman Don Aaron said.
The sentence reflects the seriousness with which our office and the courts views these crimes~: Spitzer said in a statement.
Ms Pike also said it was not unusual for hospitals to go into deficit~: but the Government would ensure they remained viable.
It's happened five times in the last 11 years: A disaster puts this Southwestern town in the headlines during the summer tourist season.
The federal government intends to introduce legislation later this year that will ban unsolicited commercial e-mail~: the Minister for Communications and Information Technology~: Senator Richard Alston announced today.
"But he added that the New York-based actor and producer is ""a private person and doesn't care to have his treatment out for public consumption."""
Jirsa is being introduced as Marshall head coach today at a noon news conference in the Bob Hartley/Big Green Room of Cam Henderson Center~: The Herald-Dispatch learned.
"Mr Koizumi rebuked Mr Konoike~: saying his remarks were ""inappropriate""."
"A Commerce spokesman issued a brief statement late Friday~: noting that the task force ""evaluated regions of the world that are vital to global energy supply."""
Spansion products are to be available from both AMD and Fujitsu~: AMD said.
The Institute for Supply Management's manufacturing index dipped to 53.7 from 54.7 in August.
On Monday~: Christian Ganczarski was apprehended at the airport and was to appear before an anti-terrorism judge soon~: the officials said.
Turning the corner does not mean we've crossed the finish line~: Gregory told reporters.
But Odette is the first to form over the Caribbean Sea in December~: the Center said.
Available in June~: Bare Metal Restore 4.6 costs $900 per Windows client and $1~:000 per Unix client for new customers.
The cards are issued by Mexico's consulates to its citizens living abroad and show the date of birth~: a current photograph and the address of the card holder.
"He said that in early December~: immigration inspectors at Hartsfield will be able to match the fingerprints to the federal government's computerized ""watch lists."""
Russian cosmonaut Malenchenko managed a space first earlier this month by marrying his earth-bound fiance by space phone.
The findings were reported online in the June 1 edition of scientific journal Nature Medicine.
Ms. Haque~: meanwhile~: was on her turquoise cellphone with the smiley faces organizing the prom.
The final chapter in the trilogy~: The Matrix Revolutions~: is out in November.
Several black Democratic leaders were attempting to arrange a meeting with DNC chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs.
"Writing safe programs that demonstrate an infection vector is adequate [to demonstrate a vulnerability] without building in the reproductive sequences.,Writing safe programs that demonstrate an infection vector is adequate without building in the reproductive sequences."
Malvo~: 18~: will go on trial Nov. 10 for the fatal shooting of FBI analyst Linda Franklin outside a Home Depot store in Falls Church~: Va.
It is the first major industrial plant for Leighton as project manager.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index slipped 4.77~: or 0.5 percent~: to 929.62.
The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index pulled back by nearly 4 points to 1~:066.62.
Eustachy acknowledged at a news conference Wednesday that he was an alcoholic and was seeking treatment.
On Sunday August 3~: the House of Deputies voted nearly 2-1 in favor of the Reverend Gene Robinson of New Hampshire.
"As a professional~: he added~: ""I think I'd like to be thought of as a good storyteller."
Today's barrage could have been a show of force as the military steps up security against threats of intensified attacks over the Christmas holiday by Baghdad's 14 identified guerrilla cells.
Robert Walsh~: 40~: remained in critical but stable condition Friday at Staten Island University Hospital's north campus.
For the third time in the past four years~: wildfires are the problem.
U.S. manufacturing growth expanded for the third straight month in September but at a slower pace~: according to a report released shortly after the opening bell.
Those conversations had not taken place as of Tuesday night~: according to an Oracle spokeswoman.
Grinspun’s concerns came after two emergency room nurses tried to warn doctors at the hospital in mid-May that five family members had SARS-like symptoms~: according to the newspaper.
But unfortunately we find that attacks on Iraqis have increased.
On a positive note~: C&W's estimated lease commitments -- one potential hurdle to U.S. exit -- fell 600 million pounds to 1.6 billion.
Qantas issued its second profit downgrade in six weeks yesterday~: as the airline warned of more job cuts owing to the ongoing impact of SARS on passenger demand.
A day earlier~: a committee appointed by reformist President Mohammad Khatami called for an independent judicial inquiry into Kazemi's death.
Video replays suggested the ball had hit the ground before making contact with Sangakkara's foot.
Anhalt said children typically treat a 20-ounce soda bottle as one serving~: while it actually contains 2 1/2 servings.
After 10 years of debate~: the government is requiring food labels to reveal exact levels of the artery clogger.
We need a certifiable pay as you go budget by mid-July or schools wont open in September~: Strayhorn said.
Among those waiting a turn was Jodie Singer~: a sixth-grader from Washington~: D.C.
WinFS will require that applications be rewritten to exploit such capabilities.
It would be cumbersome for restaurants that serve different meals each day~: she said.
Peterson~: 30~: was arrested in La Jolla April 18 after the two bodies were identified through DNA tests.
A poll showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor had given a boost to his reelection effort against GOP opponent Sam Katz.
Since Perkins' arrival at UConn in 1990 from Maryland~: UConn has fielded six national championship teams in three sports - men's and women's basketball and men's soccer.
"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats - international terrorists~: Graham said~: ""this Bush administration chose to settle old scores."""
He urged the US to provide clear rules on what would happen at possible trials.
"This is what Dr. Dean said: ""I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks."
It is rare for a legal challenge to occur before a bill becomes law.
Civil liberties groups protested and a US district judge ruled that the monument was an unconstitutional promotion of religion.
The shares represent more than half the 115.9 million shares Turner held at the end of April~: according to Bloomberg data.
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday~: as did Mills.
The report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year~: up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002.
Cindy Cohn~: legal director for the Electronic Frontier Foundation~: said that portion of the DMCA gives too much leeway to copyright holders.
"Culturecom is confident it will make a significant impact on market share with this new development~:"" Frank Cheung~: chairman of Culturecom~: said in a statement."
United is continuing to deliver major cost reductions and is now coupling that effort with significant unit revenue improvement~: chief financial officer Jake Brace said in a statement.
Although sex crimes Det.-Sgt. Dave Perry is in command of the case~: homicide Det.-Sgt. Gerry Cashman appeared last evening at the home near Finch Ave. and Hwy. 404.
The agency could not say when the tape was made~: though the voice says he is speaking on June 14.
The $250 million expansion will boost Nissan's total investment at its two Tennessee plants to $2.75 billion.
EU ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform~: said Gerry Kiely~: a EU agriculture representative in Washington.
A 1991 Florida straw poll helped catapult a little-known Bill Clinton to national prominence.
"farmers say they have increased the numbers of dogs they keep for ""protection"" but former farmers say the packs are used to hunt depleted wildlife."
The two blond opponents appeared almost identical in matching powder-blue outfits – to their dismay.
That state will not emerge until the interim government decides on a process for writing a new constitution and for holding the first democratic elections.
PeopleSoft also said its board had officially rejected Oracle's offer.
This deal makes sense for both companies~: said National Chief Executive Brian Halla.
Two brothers who were among seven Portland suspects accused of aiding terrorists have decided to plead guilty to conspiring to aid al-Qaida and the Taliban~: officials said Wednesday.
"And if we don't do this~: innocent people on the ground are going to die~: too."""
"Mr. Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was ""very methodical."""
Five foreign embassies~: including the Singapore embassy~: in Bangkok were among the targets~: it said.
"With more and more Bluetooth-equipped cellular phones coming onto the market~: ""people are going to be sorry if they didn't buy a PDA with Bluetooth~:"" he said."
Researchers found that people 65 and older who had fish once a week had a 60% lower risk of Alzheimer's than those who never or rarely ate fish.
"A slit the size of one created in the test would let in a stream of gas three times as hot as a blowtorch."""
The search was concentrated in northeast Pennsylvania~: but state trooper Tom Kelly acknowledged that Selenski could have traveled hundreds of miles by now.
But in Palestine~: her rural neighbourhood 225 miles west of Washington~: residents had nothing but praise for Pte Lynch.
The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates.
Nobody wants to go to war with anybody about anything ... it's always very much a last resort thing and one to be avoided~: Mr Howard told Sydney radio.
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately return calls seeking comment.
Doctors have speculated that the body’s own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
His mother contacted the Federal Public Defender's office in Sacramento~: which has agreed to handle his surrender~: she says.
It is a benign web where we hope to catch investors and where each of us can advance our enlightened self interest through cooperation with others.
United is working closely with the Air Transportation Stabilization Board to replace the aspects of its loan guarantee bid that were rejected as inadequate in December.
A magnitude 8 quake hit the area Friday~: setting off a fire in another tank that consumed 188~:700 barrels~: of crude oil.
The Nets and the Spurs are crossing new frontiers of offensive ineptitude while causing their high-scoring American Basketball Association forefathers to cringe.
There is one drug on the market for macular degeneration~: Visudyne~: and it is approved for the treatment of only one subtype that represents a minority of cases.
Indeed~: prior defense filings said Moussaoui contended he was part of a post-Sept. 11 operation outside the United States.
"He cut his rating for XL shares to ""neutral"" from ""buy~:"" and said the shares ""will not rebound quickly."""
The researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.
The two powerful men also disagree about ethanol (sacred in Iowa) and authorizing oil and gas drilling in Alaska's wildlife refuge.
Printer maker Lexmark International Inc. spurted $3.95 to $63.35~: recouping some of the $14.10 it lost Monday.
Two Iraqis and two Saudis grabbed shortly after the blast gave information leading to the arrest of the others~: said the official.
"The woman was taken to New Charing Cross Hospital by ambulance and her condition is critical.,She was taken to Charing Cross Hospital~: where she remained critically ill last night.
1,3111452,3111428,In an unusual move~: the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office is reconsidering a patent affecting Internet pages that critics contend could disrupt millions of Web sites.,In an unusual move that critics contend could disrupt millions of Web sites~: the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office is reconsidering a patent affecting Internet pages.
1,2950523,2950560,If sufficient evidence exists at the end of what is expected to be a five-day hearing~: Peterson will be held for trial on the charges.,If the judge decides that is so at the end of what is expected to be a five-day hearing~: Peterson will be held for trial on the charges.
1,2555597,2555783,They returned in 1999 after rebel raids on a neighboring Russian region and a series of deadly apartment-building bombings that were blamed on the rebels.,In 1999~: troops returned after rebel raids on a neighbouring Russian region and a series of deadly apartment-house bombings in Russian cities that were blamed on the rebels.
0,1167835,1167651,Kansas Department of Health and Environment records show there were 88 abortions performed on girls age 14 and younger last year.,Statistics from the Kansas Department of Health and Environment show that 11~:844 abortions were performed in the state last year.
1,1637180,1637269,Tropical Storm Claudette continued its slow churn toward the Texas coast early Sunday~: with forecasters expecting the plodding storm system to make landfall as a hurricane by early Tuesday.,Tropical Storm Claudette headed for the Texas coast Saturday~: with forecasters saying the sluggish storm system could reach hurricane strength before landfall early Tuesday.
1,593262,593254,Everything is going to move everywhere~:"" Doug Feith~: undersecretary of defence for policy~: said in an interview."
The MTA had argued it needed to raise fares to close a two-year deficit it estimated at different times ranged from less than $1 billion to $2.8 billion.
"That second dossier~: passed to journalists during Mr Blair's trip to Washington~: said it drew on ""a number of sources~: including intelligence material""."
It would have been the first time in Texas history that the comptroller had not certified the budget.
Further estimates show that it is the fourth most common cause of cancer in men and the eighth most common in women.
It seems to me you're trying to protect privacy of theft~: she said to Barr.
Shares in Juniper Networks jumped more than 10 per cent on Monday after the networking equipment maker inked a sales and marketing deal with Lucent Technologies.
The 5~:000 members have already pledged to relocate to the selected state~: Free State Project organizers say.
Gary Nicklaus~: the 34-year-old son of Jack Nicklaus who is playing on a sponsor's exemption~: birdied five of his first nine holes before faltering to a 69.
Extra guidance on countering suicide bombers is now being given to officers in London and will be extended over the next month to police around the country.
The company had an operating loss of $56.7 million in the first half of 2003.
The judge ordered the unsealing yesterday at the request of several news agencies~: including The Seattle Times~: The Associated Press and the Seattle Post-Intelligencer.
Former Secretary of State Bill Jones has also expressed interest in the race but has not yet announced plans.
"Not only had Bashir given his blessing but he had asked ""that we hit the target well""~: Mr Bafana said."
There were estimated to be between 400~:000 and 750~:000 Iraqis employed by state-owned enterprises~: but most of the businesses were non- operative~: he said.
The document~: headlined Information for Health Care Professionals~: warns of potential panic attacks~: psychosis and convulsions.
The shooting victim was taken to Kings County Hospital Center~: where he later died~: the police said.
For me~: the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents~: according to extracts released yesterday.
Mr. Yandarbiyev resides in Doha~: Qatar~: and Russian authorities have unsuccessfully tried to have him extradited for nearly two years.
Saddam's other son~: Odai~: surrendered Friday~: but the Americans are keeping it quiet because he's a U.S. agent.
At his request~: he will be reassigned within the district.
AMD made the announcement on Tuesday at the Embedded Systems Conference in Boston.
Mr. Manuel and his group entered the United States by walking across the bridge linking Matamoros and Brownsville.
Approximately 60 per cent of all national advertisers do not yet advertise in Spanish~: he said.
The issue has been resolved~: Marlins President David Samson said through a club spokesman.
OS ANGELES~: Oct. 24 Will Walt Disney Concert Hall~: the new home of the Los Angeles Philharmonic~: bring urban vitality to the city's uninviting downtown area?
Special~: sensitive light sensors pick up the telltale glow~: he said.
"The 60-year-old millionaire hugged his attorneys~: saying: ""Thank you so much."""
"Rep. Louise Slaughter~: D-N.Y.~: declared~: ""The Congress of the United States has never -- ever -- outlawed a medical procedure."
He is suspected of being a key figure in Jemaah Islamiyah~: the al-Qa'eda-linked terror group which has been blamed for the bombings.
Five Big East schools~: Connecticut~: Pittsburgh~: Rutgers~: Virginia Tech and West Virginia~: filed the lawsuit June 6.
Memories also live on of the bloody debacle in Somalia 10 years ago -- the last major US military involvement in Africa.
City Councilman Cedric Wilson said those killed were Cpl. James Crump~: Officer Arnold Strickland and dispatcher Ace Mealer.
In 1980~: 6% of children aged six to 18 were overweight~: he said.
Started on Christmas Day in 1931~: the Met's matinee broadcasts have introduced opera to millions of people around the world.
The player's eyes were bloodshot and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 - well above Tennessee's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10~: the report said.
We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place~: declared Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn).
The huge bottom-line loss stemmed from a 1.5 billion pound assets writedown~: on top of a 3.5 billion first-half charge.
Parrado remained on a Coast Guard cutter Wednesday as immigration officials attempt to determine his status~: the Coast Guard said.
Most taxpayers will get surprise tax cuts of between $4 and $11 a week from July 1.
Ms O'Hare will take time off from studying history at New York University to be in Australia during October for national breast cancer awareness week.
Sorkin~: who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury~: was to have been tried separately.
Only Intel Corp. has a lower dividend yield.
We will work with the board to ensure a smooth transition.
"The ISM noted that ""with the exception of March 2003~: growth in business activity has been reported by ISM members every month beginning with February 2002."""
The jump in tobacco shares was led by New York-based Altria~: whose shares rose almost 10 percent to $38.28.
In January 2000~: notebooks represented less than 25 percent of sales volume.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's original application in December 2001~: saying the trial had been sloppily conducted.
Buyers can purchase a Windows- and Office-loaded desktop for $298~: excluding taxes~: the report said.
Kyi~: a U.N. envoy says~: as Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid unless Suu Kyi is freed.
Smith found the cigarette tax falls on the tobacco consumer~: not the tribe~: meaning the tribe is simply an agent for collecting a tax.
The migrants were first spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m. Tuesday and two small patrol boats were sent to the area~: Doss said.
The European Commission~: the EU's antitrust enforcer~: is expected to issue its decision next spring — unless a settlement is reached.
"After all~: China isn't racing anyoneso there's no great rush~:"" Clark said."
This blackout was largely preventable~: U.S. Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said at a briefing on the report.
He had also said an interest rate cut by the European Central Bank~: which meets Thursday~: would be welcome.
Dealers said the single currency's downward momentum against the dollar could pick up speed if it broke below $1.15.
Prospects for the whole Canadian aerospace industry are improving with recent developments contributing to the enhancement of the aircraft financing capability in this country~: Mr. Tellier said.
Also in Mosul~: rebel gunmen on Friday assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.
Lee told the newspaper that the girl had dragged the food~: toys and other things into her mother's bedroom~: where he found her.
"The decision could also prove useful in the ""war on terrorism""."
She was the only woman in her unit and a member of Teamsters Local 995.
But that amount would probably be impossible to pass in the Senate~: where Republican moderates have refused to go above $350 billion.
"The companies said ""it was not our intention to target or offend any group or persons or to incite hatred or violence."""
Shellfire could be heard in the background as Ghafar spoke by satellite telephone.
The latest quarter's profit was a penny above of the average estimate as compiled by Thomson First Call.
Earlier Thursday~: PeopleSoft formally rejected the unsolicited bid from Oracle.
After Saddam's regime crumbled in early April~: it had to wait for legal hurdles to be crossed before sales could resume.
"The government and private technology experts warned Wednesday that hackers plan to attack thousands of Web sites on Sunday in a loosely coordinated ""contest"" that could disrupt Internet traffic."
The indictment charges that Mzoudi was involved in preparations for the attack until the end and was aware of and supported the attackers' violent goals.
Sen. Michael Crapo~: R-Idaho~: chairman of the subcommittee that will consider the nomination~: is a longtime friend.
American forces here organized the elections~: which officials say are important steps toward establishing democracy in Iraq.
"While there were about 700 Uruguayan UN peacekeepers in Bunia~: they were ""neither trained nor equipped"" to deal with inter-ethnic violence~: Mr Eckhard said."
WHO noted that most resistant bacteria growth among humans was due to overuse of antibiotics by doctors -- not due to farmers.
Since then~: police divers have searched nearby parts of Long Island Sound looking for the remaining three.
The suspected militants ambushed the convoy Saturday near the town of Spinboldak~: said U.S. military spokesman Lt. Col. Douglas Lefforge.
Express Scripts ESRX.O shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $66.89 on the Nasdaq.
Southwest said it had already inspected its fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional suspicious items.
After 9/11~: Connolly said~: agents spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi.
I'm real excited to be a Cleveland Cavalier~: James said.
This is my sweatshirt which my brother Jaafar used to borrow from me all the time~: said Mekki.
As temperatures soar above 50 degrees (120 Fahrenheit)~: fridges and air conditioners have stuttered to a halt in Basra.
Several police officers were also said to be seriously hurt.
Westfield~: which owns Galleria in Morley~: also will continue discussions about the other co-owned centres such as Knox City in Melbourne~: half-owned by Deutsche Bank.
Adrian Lamo~: 22~: had told reporters he planned to surrender to the FBI in Sacramento Friday~: but he then had second thoughts.
The settling companies would also assign their possible claims against the underwriters to the investor plaintiffs~: he added.
Montreal-based Bombardier's Class B shares rose 6 Canadian cents to C$3.80 in Toronto on Friday.
They say inspectors must certify that Iraq is free of weapons of mass destruction before sanctions can be lifted.
The only announced Republican to replace Davis is Rep. Darrell Issa of Vista~: who has spent $1.71 million of his own money to force a recall.
Mr. Rollins made $721~:154 in salary and $243~:389 in bonuses in the prior fiscal year.
Ms Lanier's first heart tumour was removed from the upper part of her heart in 1997~: returning in 1999~: in 2001 and again this year.
The industry groups non-manufacturing index rose to 50.7 during the month~: up from Marchs reading of 47.9.
Warden Gene Fischi said the two inmates broke a 12-by-18-inch cell window~: threw a mattress to the ground~: and shimmied down the makeshift rope to a second-story roof.
Idaho Gem also is the first sterile animal to be cloned.
He just heard two huge bangs and the balloon shuddered and fell~: Nicky Webster~: a spokesman for Hempleman-Adams~: said.
Militias also attacked local United Nations offices and~: according to a United Nations spokesman~: have fired into crowds seeking shelter near the airport in Bunia.
Global Crossing wants documents related to the regulatory-approval process and information on XO employee Carl Griver~: who used to work for Global Crossing.
"When you crossed the line~: you violated the constitutional right~:"" said Charles Weisselberg~: a UC Berkeley law professor."
Thomas and Tauzin say~: as do many doctors~: that the Bush administration has the power to correct some of those flaws.
The SEC said on Thursday its staff was preparing to draw up rules to combat trading abuses.
He said Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling CDMA chips without much competition.
The launch marks the start of a new golden age in Mars exploration.
Since December 2002~: Evans has been the vice chair of the U.S. Chief Information Officers Council.
The girl turned up late Sunday at a convenience store in East Palo Alto~: about 30 miles from her home.
The bill says that a woman who undergoes such an abortion couldn't be prosecuted.
AMC has since asked the experienced Fluor company of the US to produce a detailed costing of the project~: but the report is still two weeks away.
"Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organiser~: who identified himself only as ""Eleonora67]~:"" to extend the contest until 8am (AEST) today."
The panels picture the towers standing tall and outline their history~: including their construction~: the 1993 bombing and their ultimate destruction on Sept. 11~: 2001.
Three other fires in or near the park were contained on Wednesday.
"However~: the standards body warns that changes to Internet Explorer may affect a ""large number"" of existing Web sites."
I make no apologies for the fact that the negotiations have been undertaken largely in secret~: Mr Truss said.
Schneiderman said this fare price would reflect the agency's legitimate financial condition as well as riders' concerns about having to pay 33 percent more to ride in a recession.
At Tuesday's arraignment hearing~: Marsh pleaded not guilty to 122 counts of burial service fraud and 47 counts of making false statements.
Federal agents said Friday they are investigating the theft of 1~:100 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week.
He also said it is too early to know whether a second wave might occur later in the winter.
"The Dow Jones industrials briefly surpassed the 9~:000 mark for the first time since December."""
Shares of the company~: the second-largest U.S. coal producer behind Peabody Energy Corp. BTU.N ~: were up more than 3 percent in afternoon trade.
"Earlier~: he told France Inter-Radio~: ""I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic."""
The Hulk weekend take surpasses the previous June record of $54.9-million for Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me.
In March~: Rowland's former deputy chief of staff pleaded guilty to accepting gold and cash in return for steering state contracts.
You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life~: Limbaugh~: 52~: said during a stunning admission aired nationwide.
Just sitting around in a big base camp~: knocking back cans of beer~: I don't particularly regard as mountaineering~: he added.
Both Mr Blair and Foreign Secretary Jack Straw have denied that Britain had reneged on plans to involve the UN in the reconstruction of Iraq.
This action in no way reduces our commitment to the North American market or changes our long-term plan for growth~: said O'Neill~: who is based in California.
The interview came a day after a report in the British press that he had been taken into custody.
Its closest living relatives are a family frogs called sooglossidae that are found only in the Seychelles in the Indian Ocean.
US District Judge William M. Hoeveler's removal by his superior was a victory for US Sugar Corp.~: which led the fight for his ouster.
Who will succeed Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai is not clear.
Larger publishers such as Viacom Inc.'s VIAb.N Simon & Schuster and Bertelsmann AG's BERT.UL Random House decided against pursuing the books group~: the sources said.
Common side effects include nasal congestion~: runny nose~: sore throat and cough~: the FDA said.
The chip also features an updated LongRun power and heat management system.
No Americans were reported among the casualties~: according to Capt. Michael Calvert~: a spokesman for the regiment.
The church was already grieving the death of Chief Warrant Officer 3 Kyran Kennedy~: a congregation member who was killed in another helicopter crash in Iraq on Nov. 7.
Emeryville-based Ask Jeeves agreed to sell a business software division to a Sunnyvale-based rival~: Kanisa~: for $4.25 million.
Dotson was arrested July 21 after calling 911~: saying he needed help because he was hearing voices~: authorities said.
Hundreds of people have signed petitions calling for Dr Kelly's resignation for his handling of allegedly sexually abusive priests.
NASA's organizational culture and structure had as much to do with this accident as the (loose) foam.
No charges have been filed in those deaths~: but prosecutor David Lupas said authorities were making progress in the case.
Police Chief Superintendent Jesus Verzosa~: who heads the national police intelligence group that had custody of Ghozi~: has offered to resign~: according to Ebdane.
Evidence suggests two of the victims were taken by surprise~: while the other two might have tried to flee or to defend themselves or the others~: police said.
The World Health Organization — another Lilly partner~: along with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and Purdue University — has declared TB a global emergency.
The man accused of using fake grenades to commandeer a Cuban plane that landed in Key West in April was sentenced Friday to 20 years in prison.
E Ink is one of several companies working to develop electronic ``paper'' for e-newspapers and e-books~: and other possible applications -- even clothing with computer screens sewn into it.
Last year~: Congress passed similar~: though less expensive~: buyout legislation for peanut farmers~: ending that Depression-era program.
The momentum in the marketplace continues to shift in our direction~: he said of his company~: formerly named Caldera Systems.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index shed 5.20~: or 0.6 percent~: to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.
The new link between Mohammed and Pearl was first reported in Tuesday's editions of The Wall Street Journal.
Inamed shares closed down nearly 12 percent on Nasdaq~: where it was one of the top percentage losers.
To make sure that we avoided any perception of wrongdoing~: we are not co-mingling appropriated and non-appropriated funds (from Congress)~: said Faletti.
Police said they arrested a man on suspicion of burglary~: which covers unauthorized entry.
Donations stemming from the Sept. 11 attacks helped push up contributions to human service organizations and large branches of the United Way by 15 percent and 28.6 percent~: respectively.
But authorities have been unable to stop the tragedies~: which they blame on overcrowding~: poor vessel construction and lax enforcement of safety rules.
The main psychologist~: Dwight Close~: referred questions to an agency spokeswoman~: who said she wouldn't comment on personnel issues.
Mr. Geoghan had been living in a protective custody unit since being transferred to the prison on April 3.
Belgium said Saturday it has decided to scrap a controversial war crimes law which has seen cases launched against President Bush and Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.
The poll shows Bill White supported by 53 percent of surveyed voters -- Orlando Sanchez by 35 percent.
Nearly 2~:000 pages of transcripts were ordered to be made public after a legal action by the New York Times.
November 17's last victim was British defence attache Stephen Saunders~: who was shot on an Athens road in June 2000.
This is~: I think~: a very seminal moment in our agency's history~: Mr O'Keefe said.
After about three hours of negotiations~: the gunman released the hostages after authorities delivered on his request for soft drinks.
APEC leaders are painfully aware that security and prosperity are inseparable~: Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra told business leaders.
He said it was not possible to rule out that the chemical was a cancer risk to humans.
"Says IBM: ""Electrons come down from the poly-silicon emitter~: accelerate through the SiGe base~: and make a turn in the SOI layer towards the collector contact electrode."
The proposal also may help Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. fend off a takeover from Indianapoils-based shopping mall operator Simon Property Group Inc.
Rendezvous has been a TIBCO mark for many years and is one of our flagship products~: said George Ahn~: chief marketing officer~: Tibco.
Meanwhile~: the global death toll approached 770 with more than 8~:300 people sickened since the severe acute respiratory syndrome virus first appeared in southern China in November.
The Belgian probe centred on allegations that certain cereals firms were tipped off about prices two hours before they were officially available.
In Vienna~: the IAEA said ElBaradei would accept the invitation~: although no date had yet been set.
Sharon says he is willing to free the two as holding them will not bring back Arad~: who Israel believes is held by Iran.
But it said that the Danish ban had been effective in reducing the spread among food animals.
Her birthday~: 21 April~: was declared a public holiday and she attended a reception and a ball.
"Daughter Renee Jackson said she often made ""huge pots of~: like~: beans and rice with~: like~: meat and casseroles"" for the whole family."
Meanwhile~: Harrison said~: investigators were working through the holiday to prevent a potential outbreak of the deadly disease and to calm public fears about the food supply.
The global death toll approached 770 with more than 8~:300 people sickened since the SARS virus first appeared in southern China in November.
The Bush administration should make public the fact about Saudi Arabia's complicity with terrorists rather than worry about offending the kingdom~: lawmakers said Sunday.
Police today charged three men~: one aged 28 and two aged 26~: with attempted murder~: torture~: rape~: assault occasioning bodily harm~: armed robbery and burglary.
While rising consumer confidence is welcomed~: it is not a component of gross domestic product~: whereas new home sales are.
The Matrix Reloaded~: which opened in limited previews Wednesday night~: took in an estimated $135.8 million for all five days.
Ernst & Young admitted no wrongdoing with the settlement.
Between 1993 and 2002~: 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported.
We're a quiet~: peaceful town of 862 people and nothing ever happens~: said Carolyn Greene Bennett~: Cedar Grove's town recorder.
But Amrozi did not reveal and was not asked the company's or his boss's name.
Telemarketers who call listed numbers could face FCC fines of up to $120~:000.
Ten police officers were facing disciplinary action yesterday after they abandoned their night patrol to watch David Blaine.
The steps that the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qaida are insufficient~: said Ari Fleischer~: the White House press secretary.
The idea of a federal betting parlor on atrocities and terrorism is ridiculous and it's grotesque~: said Wyden.
El Watan~: an Algerian newspaper~: reported that the kidnappers fiercely resisted the army assault this morning~: firing Kalashnikov rifles.
"Oh~: it's never fun to be No 4~: especially if you've been No 1 before.,It's never fun to be No. 4~: especially if you've been No. 1 before~:'' said Williams. """
Analysts surveyed by Reuters Research had been looking for~: on average~: revenue of $723 million and a loss of 28 cents a share.
BREAST cancer cases in the UK have hit an all-time high with more than 40~:000 women diagnosed with the disease each year~: Cancer Re-search UK revealed yesterday.
"Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer~: who identified himself only as ""Eleonora[67]~:"" to extend the contest until 7 p.m. EST Sunday."
Such communication will help adult smokers make more informed choices~: company vice president Richard Verheij told a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee at a separate hearing.
The company has 30 days to respond to the charges before the FCC makes a final ruling.
Cool~: moist air moved into Colorado early Thursday and brought precipitation to two wind-whipped wildfires that had forced thousands to flee and threatened several hundred homes.
Imagine that in someone's fucking brain~: Klebold said.
The FCC said existing televisions~: VCRs~: DVD players and related equipment would remain fully functional under the new broadcast flag system.
The transaction will expand the revenue from Callebaut's consumer products business to 45 percent of total sales from 23 percent.
According to Sanmina-SCI~: Newisys~: based in Austin~: Texas~: will become a wholly-owned subsidiary.
Braker said Wednesday that police~: as part of protocol~: were talking with other children Cruz had access to.
Palm Beach County is considering adding up to $200 million more in incentives.
None of Deans opponents picked him as someone to party with~: nor was Dean asked that question.
ATA shares were down $1.85 at $8.07 on the Nasdaq Stock Market in Tuesday afternoon trading.
Wal-Mart~: the nation's largest private employer~: has expanded its anti-discrimination policy to protect gay and lesbian employees~: company officials said Tuesday.
The hearing came one day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer~: Dallager~: for failing to address the scandal.
Allegiant shares rose $4~: or $17.2 percent~: to $27.43 in Thursday morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
"Prince Saud said~: ""The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has been wrongfully and morbidly accused of complicity in the tragic terrorist attacks of September 11~: 2001."""
If no candidate wins 50 percent plus one in today's election~: the top two will meet in a runoff June 3.
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.
At present~: the FCC will not request personal identifying information prior to allowing access to the wireless network.
Both rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite the peace agreement.
At the very long end~: the 30-year bond US30YT=RR slid a full point for a yield of 4.47 percent from 4.41 percent.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index declined 6.11~: or 0.6 per cent~: to 1003.27~: having shed 19.67 in the previous session.
She was very affectionate with them~: said Blossom Medley~: who also looked after the children.
State Education Commissioner Kent King said Wednesday that the scores on the Missouri Assessment Program tests disappointed him.
That means Democrats can block any Supreme Court nominee through a filibuster if they can get 40 of their members to agree.
They found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down cholesterol.
The affidavit said British customs officials stopped al-Amoudi at Heathrow Airport last month when he was attempting to travel to Damascus~: Syria
Both were a few metres apart~: Mr Laczynski pressing against the metal fence dividing court officials from the crowd.
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP~: N.J. Annika Sorenstam drew the crowds~: Michelle Wie got the publicity but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.
The village last said sorry in 1993~: when it presented the Methodist Church of Fiji with Baker's boots - which cannibals had tried unsuccessfully to cook and eat.
"Disney has repeatedly said the ""safety and enjoyment"" of its guests were the reasons the company wanted the no-fly zones~: and wants them maintained."
The plan is to convert half of its eight million local phone lines within the next six years.
The compilers are available in two flavors: the Intel C++ Compiler for Microsoft eMbedded Visual C++ retails for USD$399 and is intended for application development use.
Doctors have speculated that the body's own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
The appeals court judges were in sharp disagreement over what should be done when they ruled in February.
Along with chip.m.aker Intel~: the companies include Sony Corp.~: Microsoft Corp.~: Hewlett-Packard Co.~: International Business Machines Corp.~: Gateway Inc.~: Nokia Corp. and others.
"Smith said simply ""Oh~: my God~:"" in the seconds afterward~: according to Weinshall."
Phone calls to Spitzer's office~: Citigroup and Goldman Sachs were not immediately returned.
Taiwan ranked No. 3 in the world behind China and Hong Kong for SARS deaths and cases.
Four other men who were also charged in June have already pleaded guilty.
Former roommate and teammate Carlton Dotson~: 21~: was arrested and charged with murder July 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot Dennehy after Dennehy tried to shoot him.
"Los Angeles- The deep-sea adventure ""Finding Nemo"" hooked the top spot at the box office yesterday with an estimated $70.6-million opening weekend."
"Contrary to what PeopleSoft management would have you believe~: Oracle intends to fully support PeopleSoft customers and products for many years to come."""
In two weeks~: he'll probably send out Peace Rules in the Preakness.
Two of the Britons~: Sandy Mitchell from Glasgow and Glasgow-born William Sampson~: face the death penalty.
He failed a field sobriety test and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 -- well above Tennessee's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10~: police said.
Oracle shares were also higher~: trading up 12 cents at $13.60.
But the plan was dropped because some of the terrorists were uncomfortable that schoolchildren would be their victims.
A successful attack could be launched within any type of document that supports VBA~: including Microsoft Word~: Excel or PowerPoint.
He had said before the meeting that he planned to urge Chinese officials to move quickly to adopt a more flexible currency system.
Viacom's lawyers say Spike is a common name that does not necessarily prompt thoughts of Lee.
Also Wednesday~: a minibus detonated a roadside bomb in a Baghdad traffic tunnel~: killing two people and wounding two others~: hospital officials said.
"He adds: ""She started beating me with her hands about the head until I ran into the other room."""
Helen Sharkey~: 31~: and Gene Foster~: 44~: pleaded guilty Tuesday to one count of conspiracy to commit securities fraud.
He admits he occasionally lived the life of a playboy: smoking pot~: chasing women and living fast and loose.
At least 29 American troops have been killed in action since Bush declared major combat over on May 1.
The high Saturday is expected to be about 92 degrees~: and it will likely drop to 90 degrees Sunday and Monday.
The Commerce ruling Tuesday will impose a 44.71 percent tariff on dynamic random access memory semiconductors (DRAMS) made by Hynix Semiconductor Inc.
Weather forecasters are sending out warnings for heavy rainfall that could wash out the tail end of the holiday weekend.
"Sheena Young of Child~: the national infertility support network~: hoped the guidelines would lead to a more ""fair and equitable"" service for infertility sufferers."
"Their groundbreaking contributions commercialize technologies~: create jobs~: improve productivity and stimulate the nation's growth and development."""
Initial reports said the attackers fired from a mosque within in the city~: 30 miles west of Baghdad.
The government recently shelved peace talks with the MILF~: being brokered by Malaysia~: after a string of attacks~: including three bombings~: on Mindanao.
Geoghan~: 68~: was taken to Leominster Hospital~: where he was pronounced dead at 1:17 p.m.
In addition~: Panther includes FileVault~: a new feature that secures the contents of a home directory with 128-bit AES encryption.
A bill that would have fully legalized marijuana for medical purposes in Connecticut was narrowly defeated in the House of Representatives on Wednesday.
According to the survey~: last years identity theft losses to businesses and financial institutions totaled nearly $48 billion and consumer victims reported $5 billion in out-of-pocket expenses.
"CAPPS II will not use bank records~: records indicating creditworthiness or medical records."""
Ninety-five percent of international cargo to the United States is carried by ship.
The telephone survey had a margin of error of 2 percentage points.
"His other films include ""Malcolm X~:"" ""Summer of Sam"" and ""Jungle Fever."""
The shooting happened at 5:30 a.m. in the living room of the home the extended family shared on the city's westside.
AFTRA members approved the merger by a vote of 75.88% to 24.12%.
The company will be able to start recording profits from HPS immediately~: Perot Systems spokeswoman Mindy Brown said.
For the weekend~: the top 12 movies grossed $157.1 million~: up 52 percent from the same weekend a year earlier.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC climbed 40.09 points~: or 2.46 percent~: to 1~:666.58~: based on the latest data~: and marking its highest close since May 23~: 2002.
Roberts said his committee was briefed about a week ago about the likelihood of a major attack in Saudi Arabia.
In 2002~: spending on inpatient hospital care grew by 6.8 percent and the costs of outpatient hospital care rose by 14.6 percent~: the study.
Last year~: the board raised rents by 2 percent on one-year renewals~: 4 percent on two-year leases.
Random testing of security procedures should also take place.
Dubbed Project Mad Hatter~: the Linux-based desktop is being promoted by Sun as a more secure and less expensive alternative to Windows.
We are in the process of a thorough internal review with the assistance of outside professionals~: she said in the statement.
Colin Powell~: the Secretary of State~: said contacts with Iran would not stop.
Frank Partnoy~: a securities law professor at the University of San Diego~: said the case suggested that Merrill's oversight and control of its executives were inadequate.
"But he added: ""You can't win elections by looking in the rearview mirror."""
"Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue~: which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset~:"" the company statement said."
Congo's many-sided war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded to back rebels fighting to topple the government in Kinshasa.
Emmy and Golden Globe Award-winners James Brolin and Judy Davis star as Ronald and Nancy Reagan in The Reagans.
BOCHK chief executive Liu Jinbao was transferred abruptly to Beijing last month.
That story also named archbishops Harry J. Flynn~: of Minneapolis-St. Paul~: and Edwin F. O'Brien~: of the Military Services~: as possible candidates.
"Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer~: who identified himself only as ""Eleonora67~:"" to extend the contest until 6 p.m. EDT Sunday."
Authorities did not immediately release the identities of the victims pending family notification.
We must defend those whom we dislike or even despise~: said Neal R. Sonnett~: a Miami lawyer who led an association panel on enemy combatants.
When the bomb exploded at the Casa de España~: customers were eating dinner and playing bingo.
About two decades ago~: U.S. District Court Judge Walter Rice and others decided to protect and polish what remained.
The Democratic candidates also began announcing their fund-raising totals before Wednesday's deadline to file quarterly reports with the Federal Election Commission.
Along with chipmaker Intel~: the companies include Sony Corp.~: Microsoft Corp.~: Hewlett-Packard Co.~: IBM Corp.~: Gateway Inc. and Nokia Corp.
ImClone Systems Inc. and OSI Pharmaceuticals Inc. are developing similar medications~: designed to target tumor cells while sparing healthy ones.
Dave Tomlin~: assistant general counsel of The A.P.~: said his organization was still deciding whether to appeal.
The new Army Commander is the Masaka Armoured Brigade commanding officer~: Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima who is now promoted to major general.
Unable to find a home for him~: a judge told mental health authorities they needed to find supervised housing and treatment for DeVries somewhere in California.
A council resolution is considered essential in giving Iraqi or U.S.-controlled entities in Baghdad the legal authority to export oil.
He plans to have dinner with troops at Kosovo's U.S. military headquarters~: Camp Bondsteel.
Smith~: 59~: is charged with fraud for allegedly filing false reports to FBI headquarters about Leung's reliability and with gross negligence for allegedly allowing her access to classified materials.
"General Myers told reporters that ""at first blush~: it doesn't look like any rules were broken""."
State Republican Chairman Kris Warner said the GOP would not shy away from referring to Wise's problems in the 2004 gubernatorial campaign.
The Agriculture Department already has issued a recall for 10~:410 pounds of beef slaughtered Dec. 9 at Vern's Moses Lake Meat Co. in Moses Lake~: Wash.
He also noted Tom Siebel had turned in 26 million stock options valued at more than $50-million (U.S.) earlier this year.
This deal makes good sense for both companies~: said Brian L. Halla~: National's chairman~: president and CEO.
"Morgan Stanley raised its rating on the beverage maker to ""overweight"" from ""equal-weight"" saying in part that pricing power with its bottlers should improve in 2004."
Tisha Kresler~: a spokeswoman for Global Crossing~: declined to comment.
Iraqi officials say the attacks are being carried out by what they call outsiders who slip into Falluja and attack at night.
The league said it is not taking a position on whether Governor Gray Davis should be recalled in the Oct. 7 voting~: and will not endorse a replacement candidate.
Bryant surrendered to authorities on Friday and posted a $25~:000 bond.
Born in 1953 in Baghdad~: her father was Salih Magdi Ammash~: a former Vice-President~: Defence Minister and member of the Baath party leadership.
"The Defense Department statement said legal access for Hamdi was not required by domestic or international law and ""should not be treated as precedent."""
ISRAELI soldiers knocked down empty mobile homes and water towers in 10 tiny West Bank settlement outposts overnight as part of a US-backed Mideast peace plan.
Next Monday at about 2 p.m. (CST)~: hospital officials in and near Chicago will notice a sudden increase in people complaining of flu-like symptoms.
Three Southern politicians who risked their political careers by fighting against bigotry and intolerance were honored Monday with John F. Kennedy Profile in Courage Awards for 2003.
When a manager let him into the apartment~: the youngster was in a baby's bathtub~: covered with a towel and watching a TV cartoon channel.
Still~: analysts said they were disappointed by the company's 68 million pretax charge for weather-related and test failure costs on its Polar Tanker crude oil tanker program.
Kempenaers said some species are still faithful~: notably swans and sea birds such as the albatross~: which mate for life and are never unfaithful to their partners.
Assani said Tuesday he did not know what to charge the men with because US officials refused to share information with him.
The council includes 13 Shiites~: five Kurds~: five Sunnis~: one Christian and one Turkoman.
Carnival Corp. stock was trading at $31.29 during midday trading Wednesday~: down 72 cents or 2.25 percent.
Four years ago~: Nike was sued in state court by California activist Marc Kasky under a statute designed to protect consumers from false advertising.
The name for the robot~: due to be launched at 2:05 p.m.~: was selected from among 10~:000 names submitted by U.S. school children.
The free world and those who love freedom and peace must deal harshly with Hamas and the killers~: he told reporters as he emerged from a church service.
The justices declined without comment to review the ruling that upheld physicians' rights to speak freely with their patients.
News that oil producers were lowering their output starting in November exacerbated a sell-off that was already under way on Wall Street.
There were more people surrounding the clubhouse than the Unabomber's house up in the hills~: Baker said.
But Secretary of State Colin Powell brushed off this possibility Wednesday.
His Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned June 25 in a Virginia Beach~: parking lot.
Douglas Robinson~: a senior vice president of finance~: will take over as chief financial officer on an interim basis.
The meeting was scheduled to end Wednesday night~: with attendees approving resolutions that express the denomination's view on issues but that are not binding on churches.
The bill also requires the FCC to hold at least five public hearings before voting on future ownership changes.
Democrats currently hold a 17-15 advantage in the state's congressional delegation.
But Senate criticism of the House plan Tuesday came on several fronts.
Not only is this the oldest known planet~: it's also the most distant.
Green wrote~: The documents show that in one two-month period~: Bennett wired more than $1.4 million to cover losses.
Prosecutors contended that Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume Mr. Black's identity.
Prosecutors said PW Marketing violated the state's 1998 anti-spam law by sending unsolicited e-mail without a toll-free number for recipients to call to stop additional mailings.
The minister said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-member cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks in Casablanca on Friday night.
Macugen dries up those blood vessels by blocking a protein in the body that promotes blood-vessel growth.
They made a similar discovery in Houston on another aircraft~: Dallas-based Southwest said in a statement.
"But he confessed: ""There's total fear to start with because you are completely at the mercy of the winds."""
Instead of remains~: the Ragusas will bury a vial of Michael's blood~: which he had donated to a bone marrow center.
However~: prosecutors have declined to take criminal action against guards~: though Fine said his inquiry is not finished.
"At another point~: Mr. Bush said: ""The choice was up to the dictator~: and he chose poorly."
Fifty-seven senators~: including 24 Republicans~: have signed the letter.
The group will be headed by State Department official John S. Wolf~: who has served in Australia~: Vietnam~: Greece and Pakistan.
Bush said that he ordered the Treasury Department to freeze the assets after the suicide bombing in Jerusalem that killed 20 people Tuesday.
The attack by the three militant groups took place here at Erez~: the main border crossing between Israel and Gaza.
Thats why the Americans with all their technology cant find him.
THE compact disc could be history within five years after scientists invented a replacement the size of a fingertip.
The bolt catcher is not as robust as it is supposed to be~: the board's chairman~: retired Adm. Hal Gehman~: said.
It''s absurd~: Funny Cide's trainer Barclay Tagg said.
Researchers have identified roughly 130 genes on chromosome six that may predispose humans to certain diseases.
A federal magistrate in Fort Lauderdale ordered him held without bail.
Predictions ranged from 16 cents a share to 27 cents a share~: according to Thomson First Call.
BOSTON The Catholic archdiocese in Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits~: according to a document obtained by The Associated Press.
In addition to O'Connor~: Rehnquist's majority opinion was joined by Justices David Souter~: Ruth Bader Ginsburg~: and Stephen Breyer.
And his justification for the bombing was that while it caused short-term material damage~: it was for the long-term moral good of Bali.
When Olvera-Carrera was moved to the bus~: Perez said the officers dragged him across the ground.
Sens. John Kerry and Bob Graham declined invitations to speak.
No official ceremony was planned to mark the anniversary in Dallas.
The company is in the early stages of testing the drug for rheumatoid arthritis.
The number of public WiFi hot spots will grow from the current 50~:000 to 85~:000 by the end of 2004~: IDC said.
These are violent surgeries and I wanted to convey that~: Murphy says.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI added 38 points~: or 0.42 percent~: to 9~:165.
Galveston County District Attorney Kurt Sistrunk said his office received the recordings this week.
"He told the jury Stubbs is a ""cold~: calculating killer."""
The acquisition is expected to close by the end of the month.
As frequently happens to a company making a major acquisition~: PeopleSoft's shares dropped during yesterday's trading~: decreasing $1.42 to close at $14.97.
In 1999~: Mauritania became only the third Arab League state to establish full diplomatic relations with the Jewish state.
IAAF council member Jose Maria Odriozola said Drummond should be excluded from the championships.
Physicians who violate the ban would be subject to fines and up to two years in prison.
About $250~:000 worth of her jewelry was discovered last week at Kennedy International Airport~: where it had up and disappeared before a flight to the BET Awards.
CCAG supported Bill Curry~: Rowland's opponent in the 2002 gubernatorial election.
Sales as measured by volume~: a key gauge of financial health in the beverage sector~: grew 5 percent in the quarter.
Drug developer Inspire Pharmaceuticals Inc. ISPH.O tumbled $2.17~: or 13.4 percent~: to $13.98.
OpForce 3.0 supports Solaris~: IBM AIX~: Red Hat Linux and Windows.
"Chavez said investigators feel confident they've got ""at least one of the fires resolved in that regard."""
"FCC Chairman Michael Powell said in a statement that the ruling would ""throw a monkey wrench into the FCC's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy."""
Prime Minister Abbas~: we are facing a new opportunity today~: a better future for both peoples~: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said after Tuesday's meeting.
Missouri Gov. Bob Holden asked the White House to declare a federal disaster in 39 counties.
He is blocking them until the Air Force assigns four additional C-130 cargo planes to Gowen Field~: an Idaho Air National Guard base in Boise.
The Ministry of Defence is facing a 20m compensation claim from hundreds of Kenyan women who claim they were raped by British soldiers.
"As part of the changes~: Microsoft will also tie stock awards for its top 600 or so executives to the growth and ""satisfaction"" in its customer base."
With Internet usage and broadband adoption continuing to escalate~: marketers are throwing their weight and dollars behind interactive advertising~: said IAB President and CEO Greg Stuart.
"In Damascus~: Syrian Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan called the charges ""baseless and illogical""."
A landslide in central Chungchong province derailed a Seoul-bound train and 28 passengers were injured~: television said.
Nearly all of Ford's second-quarter profit came from Ford Credit~: which earned a net $401 million~: up 21.5 percent.
Some Boston managers are concerned that banning smoking will create safety hazards as groups of smokers huddle outside bars and nightclubs.
This puts telemarketers on notice that we will take all measures necessary to protect consumers who chose to be left alone in their homes.
The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida became one of the first in the nation Saturday to officially reject the national denomination's policies on homosexuality.
Cintas is battling efforts to unionize 17~:000 of its workers and to let unions organize the workers by signing cards~: rather than by a lengthy election process.
Peterson was arrested near Torrey Pines Golf Course in La Jolla on April 18~: the day DNA testing identified the bodies.
"In a statement~: Mr. Rowland said: ""As is the case with all appointees~: Commissioner Anson is accountable to me."
Slightly more than half of the profit shortfall results from a sales slump~: with weakness spread across the company's various geographic and end markets.
Counties with population declines will be Vermillion~: Posey and Madison.
She said six were from Douglas County~: the southwestern Oregon county that includes Roseburg~: and two were from the Portland area.
Kingston also finished with 67 after producing six birdies on the back nine.
Shares of Corixa were gaining 71 cents~: or 10%~: to $7.91 on the Nasdaq.
Police say CIBA was involved in the importation of qat~: a narcotic substance legal in Britain but banned in the United States.
By comparison~: the proportion of people with a BMI of 50 or above increased by a factor of five — from about 1 in 2~:000 to one in 400.
Since June of last year the Red Cross has spent $114 million on disasters~: but taken in only $40 million in donations.
We have already found two trailers~: both of which we believe were used for the manufacture of biological weapons.
The accuser arrived at the hospital wearing yellow knit panties - with someone else's semen and sperm in them~: not that of Mr. Bryant~: Mackey hammered triumphantly.
AN inquest into the car crash that killed Princess Diana will be held January 6~: the royal family's coroner announced overnight.
The council comprises 13 Shi'ites~: five Sunni Arabs~: five Kurds~: an Assyrian Christian and a Turkmen.
Most times~: wholesalers sold the questionable drugs to one of three huge national distributors that supply virtually all drugs in the country.
The news comes after Drax's American owner~: AES Corp. AES.N ~: last week walked away from the plant after banks and bondholders refused to accept its restructuring offer.
Tehran has made clear it will only sign the Additional Protocol introducing such inspections if a ban on the import of civilian Western nuclear technology is lifted.
Closed sessions are routinely held at the United Nations tribunal that deals with Balkan war crimes~: but usually to protect witnesses's safety.
The merged company will keep the Interwoven name and be headquartered in Sunnyvale.
The center has a budget of $45 million~: most of which will be spent on research and testing~: Bridges said.
Mall operators and retailers reported fewer people camping out for early-bird specials on Saturday morning~: although many parking lots were crowded by early afternoon.
Under the legislation~: a physician who performs the procedure could face up to two years in prison.
The tuxedo shop was used as a front for laundering proceeds from a stolen credit cards.
Blair's Foreign Secretary Jack Straw was to take his place on Monday to give a statement to parliament on the European Union.
The man~: Fazul Abdullah Mohammed~: a Comoros islander~: is on the U.S. FBI's list of most wanted suspects.
And although he has acted in period dramas before in screen versions of Jane Austens Persuasion and Charlotte Brontes Jane Eyre Henchard is a breed apart.
That was 4 cents higher than the expectations of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.
"His lawyer~: Harriet Newman Cohen~: said later that Cuomo ""was betrayed and saddened by his wife's conduct during their marriage."""
But price declines have remained below 30 percent~: year over year~: for the last two quarters~: said IDC analyst John McArthur.
The supercomputer is actually an eServer and storage system with a peak speed of 7.3 trillion calculations per second.
The bureau also failed to pursue other leads~: including a local imam who dealt with several key 9-11 figures.
Under the legislation~: a physician who performed the procedure could face up to two years in prison.
In his new position~: Dynes will earn $395~:000~: a significant increase over Atkinson's salary of $361~:400.
Jack Ferry~: company spokesman~: said a search is ongoing but would not comment on the status.
Peterson~: 27~: was eight months pregnant when she disappeared in the days before Christmas.
The value will total about $124 million~: including convertible securities~: according to Corel.
The SEC specifically advised IBM that this is a fact-finding investigation and that it has not reached any conclusions related to this matter~: IBM said in a statement.
Taiwan has attempted to gain observer status to the United Nations-affiliated WHO for seven years~: but again was rebuffed March 19 at its annual conference in Geneva.
Chechen officials working for the Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels and tension is running high ahead of next Sunday's presidential election in war-torn Chechnya.
In the clash with police~: Lt. Mothana Ali said about 1~:000 demonstrators had gone to the station demanding jobs.
The agency said it would not release the name of the person involved because he is a minor.
They remain 40 percent below the levels prior to February's initial overstatement news.
An Associated Press report is included.
The mock explosion~: the first event in the drill~: occurred in a car in industrial south Seattle.
The World Health Organization and the United States Centers for Disease Control sent down a team to look into it.
"Mr. Dewhurst has called for a ""cooling period"" between special sessions~: which could give the Democrats some time at home."
"The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 11.14~: or 1.2 percent~: to 931.41."""
PeopleSoft has consistently maintained that the proposed combination of PeopleSoft and Oracle faces substantial regulatory delays and a significant likelihood that the transaction would be prohibited.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index lost 6.77~: or 0.7 percent~: to 927.62 as of 10:33 a.m. in New York.
"Ultimately~: however~: Mrs Clinton decided she still loved her husband – although ""as a wife~: I wanted to wring Bill's neck""."
Doctors have advised that the boy get chemotherapy~: but Daren and Barbara Jensen have refused~: fearing the treatment would stunt Parker's growth and leave him sterile.
The special tests were developed to measure student progress in meeting the state's standards for the content taught in each grade.
Knox County Health Department is following national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Protocol to contain infection.
Federal Emergency Management Administration designated $20 million to establish the registry.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 64.64 points~: or 0.71 percent~: at 9~:191.09~: according to the latest available data.
"PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway has described Oracle's $5.1 billion bid as ""atrociously bad behaviour from a company with a history of atrociously bad behaviour""."
"A police spokesman confirmed: ""Greater Manchester Police~: with the support of the German authorities and the FBI~: have arrested Toby Studabaker in Frankfurt~: Germany."""
That information was first reported in today's editions of the New York Times.
The downtime~: to take place in May and June~: is expected to cut production by 60 million to 70 million board feet.
Before Sunday~: 19 firefighters assigned to wildfires had died on duty this year~: according to Tracey Powers of the National Interagency Fire Center in Boise.
The differences between Grassley and Thomas on energy and Medicare have become so pointed that other members say their angry personal relationship is embarrassing the party.
However~: several ministers from more developed APEC economies have said failure to fight terror will be a cost in itself.
The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilization~: Mr. Powell told his colleagues in a speech today.
While it was being called mandatory~: Dupont said authorities were not forcing people from their homes.
Amgen shares gained 93 cents~: or 1.45 percent~: to $65.05 in afternoon trading on Nasdaq.
"In connection with the incident~: I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately."""
Comcast Class A shares were up 8 cents at $30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
BP shares slipped 0.8 percent to 433.50 pence ($6.85) each in afternoon trading on the London Stock Exchange.
Palm Wednesday announced plans to acquire Handspring~: a company started by Jeff Hawkins~: regarded by many as the father of the Palm handheld.
The Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday said companies trading on the biggest U.S. markets must win shareholder approval before granting stock options and other stock-based compensation plans to corporate executives.
Amazon also reported that the New York Attorney General's office had settled civil fraud charges with one of the spoofers it identified.
Malaysia has launched an aggressive media campaign over its water dispute with Singapore.
President George W. Bush said he's appointed Paul Bremer~: a security and counter-terrorism expert~: as the top U.S. official overseeing the reconstruction of Iraq.
Peterson's lawyer~: Mark Geragos of Los Angeles~: was quick to swipe at the testing procedure.
The court case does not include another rule~: which also took effect Nov. 29~: that allows cell customers to keep their phone numbers when they switch wireless companies.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 22.25 points~: or 2.23 percent~: to 1~:018.22~: based on the latest available figures.
But stocks have rallied sharply over the past 3-1/2 months amid hopes for an economic rebound later this year.
Passengers would be given a refund and voucher for another trip~: she said.
The remaining five men continue to be questioned under Section 17 of the Terrorism Act.
"Amrozi accused his brother~: whom he called ""the witness""~: of deliberately distorting his evidence."
The winner of the Williams-Mauresmo match will play the winner of Justine Henin-Hardenne vs. Chanda Rubin.
Dogs~: he said~: are second only to humans in the thoroughness of medical understanding and research.
They were released to authorities after officers delivered the soda to the gunman~: using a long stick to pass the six-pack through a door.
EnCana also reaffirmed its forecast of 10 per cent internal sales growth in 2003 and 2004.
While the rest of America grapples with an economic downturn~: recession has become a permanent way of life for much of rural America~: Edwards said in a speech.
Blagojevich reiterated his stance Wednesday to not prop up the budget with a gambling expansion.
Women who eat potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy may be at risk of triggering type 1 diabetes in their children~: Melbourne researchers believe.
The girl turned up two days later at a convenience store several cities away~: shaken but safe~: and helped lead police to her alleged abductor.
I think it's going to be a close vote~: but I think the grant proposal is going to win~: McConnell said.
Several cities are competing for the headquarters~: including Miami; Panama City; Atlanta; Port-of-Spain~: Trinidad; and Puebla~: Mexico.
Randall Simon singled to right for the second run.
Netanyahu and his advisers say the changes are necessary to permit Israel to compete successfully in the global marketplace and attract investment.
Mr. Weingarten said that he expected Mr. Ebbers~: who turned 62 yesterday~: to be fully exonerated at trial.
Mr. Brendsel is expected to remain with the Freddie Mac Foundation.
The son of circus trapeze artists turned vaudevillians~: O'Connor was born on Aug. 28~: 1925~: in Chicago and was carried onstage for applause when he was three days old.
Viles' body was discovered four hours later after he failed to respond to a call to return to his housing unit.
The format must be an open standard that has been formally ratified by an internationally recognized standards organization~: and IP must be licensed under reasonable~: non-discriminatory terms.
His decision means that the case against Gary Lee Sampson~: including the capital charges against him~: will be tried in September.
More than 6 percent of men on the drug developed high-grade tumors compared with 5.1 percent on placebo.
Grassley and Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.
Dotson~: 21~: was arrested and charged on July 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot Dennehy after Dennehy tried to shoot him.
The company said it now expects second-quarter earnings of 68 cents and 72 cents a share~: down from its prior outlook of 77 cents to 82 cents.
Passenger Keith Charlton~: who helped tackle the man~: last night praised the efforts of the injured chief flight attendant~: known to passengers as Greg.
"After consulting with experts~: he said he was advised a delay will give Luna his best chance of reuniting with ""L"" Pod~: his family."
Federal officials gave the DPS officer an FAA number to call to initiate lost-aircraft procedures.
The program~: which downloads the pornographic material to the usurped computer only briefly to allow visitors to view it~: is invisible to the computer's owner.
Now~: nearly two years later~: Mallard prepares for trial on charges of murder and tampering with evidence.
The budget fell steadily until dropping as low as $2.93 billion in 1998 and has gradually risen to $3.27 billion for fiscal 2002.
A $5 billion dollar-denominated portion has seen about $19 billion of bids~: investors said.
Total Information Awareness is now Terrorism Information Awareness.
"She told Murray~: ""We ... we have ... the fresh air is going down fast!"""
Only one third of high-speed trains within France were running~: national rail company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer said.
According to the 2000 Census~: Long Beach's Hispanic or Latino population was listed at 35.8 percent.
In terms of a free trade area~: we've got a long~: long way to go and the Pakistanis understand that.
The U.S. Conference Board said its latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey.
Its legal representatives began meeting with plaintiffs' attorneys last week to discuss a settlement.
Though she defeated Williams on May 17 in the semifinals at Rome~: Mauresmo isn't favored today.
He was arrested less than two kilometres from where he allegedly kidnapped her after brutally beating her mother and brother.
It is for that reason that legal scholars said the Denver ruling is at least plausible.
Without the fleet~: NASA has relied on the Russian space program to rotate crew members for the International Space Station and to send supplies to the orbiting laboratory.
The hearing~: expected to last a week~: will determine whether Akbar faces a court-martial.
The Cavaliers won the right Thursday to select James in the June 26 draft.
I know of no pressure~: said Mr. Feith~: the under secretary of defense for policy.
Those findings~: published in today's Journal of the American Medical Association~: are the latest bad news about estrogen-progestin therapy.
Wild rock legend Ozzy Osbourne was in intensive care today as he continued his “steady” recovery from a quad bike accident.
Lewis said that the third-quarter results were driven by deposit and loan growth~: strong investment banking and trading results~: and improved mortgage and card revenues.
New building hasn't put any drag on the skyrocketing median home price~: up 14.8 percent to $364~:000 in April from a year ago.
NBC probably will end the season as the second most popular network behind CBS~: which is first among the key 18-to-49-year-old demographic.
One Republican sent out a flier this week citing a 3.8-percent increase in the S&P 500 stock index since passage of the tax cuts in May.
R&D spending is expected to be $4.4 billion for the year~: as compared to the previous expectation of $4.3 billion.
One of the Commission's publicly stated goals is to ensure other producers' server software can work with desktop computers running Windows as easily as Microsoft's.
We'll be listening carefully to the [IAEA] director general's report at the next board meeting.
United Airlines plans to become the first domestic airline to offer e-mail on all its domestic flights by the end of the year~: the company announced yesterday.
They also are reshaping the retail business relationship elsewhere~: as companies take away ideas and practices that change how they do business in their own firms and with others.
Now~: with the agency's last three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia disaster~: that wait could be even longer.
The high court will hear arguments Wednesday on whether companies can be sued under the ADA for refusing to rehire rehabilitated drug users.
I think 70 percent of the work is already done~: Tauzin told reporters in the Capitol.
Forecasters said warnings might go up for Cuba later Thursday.
He said the space program is developing antisatellite weapons and robotic space weapons~: but said he did not think that the Shenzhou V had military applications.
Sales for the quarter beat expectations~: rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros.
The stunning art robbery on Sunday was one of the biggest in Europe in recent years.
SMILING bomber Amrozi was inspired to launch an attack on Bali after his former Australian boss revealed the tourist island was a haven for sinful behaviour by westerners.
Shares of Microsoft fell 1 cent to close at $25.65 on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Regional utility Tohoku Electric Power Co Inc said an 825~:000-kilowatt (kW) nuclear reactor~: the Onagawa No.3 unit near Sendai automatically shut down due to the quake.
But the Russell 2000 index~: the barometer of smaller company stocks~: had a weekly gain of 3.71~: or 0.9 percent~: closing at 418.40.
The Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade yesterday warned Australians to defer all nonessential travel to Indonesia because of reports of planned terrorist attacks.
The 19 face charges including racketeering~: conspiracy~: organized fraud~: grand theft and illegal drug sales~: all felonies carrying penalties of five to 30 years in prison.
The condition is associated with heart disease~: chronic kidney disease~: blindness~: and amputations.
Both strain 121 and Pyrolobus belong to a branch on the tree of life known as the archaea.
This sale is part of our efforts to simplify our Foodservice Products business and improve its cost structure~: Multifoods chairman and chief executive officer Gary Costley said.
In other words~: Cablevision is obligated to pay for YES Network's lawsuit against Time Warner Cable.
More than 6~:000 companies must get shareholders' approval before granting their executives options and other stock compensation packages~: the Securities and Exchange Commission said Monday.
The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 18.06~: or 0.2 per cent~: at 9266.51.
"As you know~: East Africa has been an area of terrorist threats and indeed terrorist attacks in the past."""
There were conflicting reports about the number of casualties yesterday.
Crossing Jordan will be back in January after star Jill Hennessy gives birth.
Treasurys long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account.
Taha is married to former Iraqi oil minister Amir Muhammed Rasheed~: who surrendered to U.S. forces on April 28.
Their leader~: Abu Bakr al-Azdi~: turned himself in in June; his deputy was killed in a recent shootout with Saudi forces.
His wife~: who he married in a first ever space wedding by a space phone during his lengthy mission~: waited in Moscow.
Evacuation went smoothly~: although passengers weren't told what was going on~: Hunt said.
The Bluetooth SIG made its announcement at the Bluetooth World Congress in Amsterdam this week.
"It argued that such access ""is not required by domestic or international law and should not be treated as a precedent."""
By late Thursday afternoon~: Putnam said the U.S. Attorney in the Southern District of New York had subpoenaed its trading documents~: raising the possibility of a criminal indictment.
The A920 comes with a printer~: scanner~: and copier for $89.
"But Peterson added~: ""I don't know anybody in the conference committee who's fighting to keep it out completely."""
""
The companies also announced plans to collaborate on the design for future generations of memory technologies.
Sliding down the ice~: Moriarty and Carella hit the spongy~: rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.
Then~: suddenly~: the ONS reported a fresh 0.6 per cent slump in manufacturing output.
According to Saunders~: the gunman said he was frustrated by the U.S. Postal Service's response to an accident involving a postal vehicle.
Delta personnel at Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport scrambled all day to find alternate flights including seats on other airlines for passengers.
President George W. Bush and top administration officials cited the threat from Iraq's banned weapons programs as the main justification for going to war.
We're in a highly competitive industry where few apparel brands own and operate manufacturing facilities in North America~: Levi Strauss Chief Executive Officer Phil Marineau said in a statement.
Her lawyers filed a lawsuit against the Dallas County district attorney~: Henry Wade~: challenging Texas's abortion laws.
Hester said Sanmina was the best fit among several purchase offers the company received from electronics manufacturers and computer makers.
The next court session will be when the three-judge tribunal announces its verdict in mid-February.
"Cmdr. Rod Gibbons~: an academy spokesman~: said~: ""The academy is shocked and saddened."
"On the other hand~: if this will help further establish Steve's innocence~: we welcome it."""
When Biggs's body was found~: authorities had no leads until four months later~: when a tipster said Mallard talked about the incident at a party.
"Reacting to Thompson's attack~: Ed Skyler~: a spokesman for Bloomberg~: said the controller's statements~: ""while noteworthy for their sensationalism~: bear no relation to the facts."""
Stack said he did no work for Triumph until 1999~: when a grand jury began investigating Silvester.
Other data showed that buyers snapped up new and existing homes at a brisk pace in April~: spurred by low mortgage rates.
Intel updated investors midway through the quarter and said business was proceeding exactly as planned.
The WHO says the latest case does not fit its profile of SARS and is not a public health concern.
Meningitis is an infection of the spinal cord fluid and the tissue around the brain.
Many conservatives have staunchly opposed condom programs~: saying they send the wrong message and encourage and enable teens to have sex before marriage.
The others were ABN AMRO AAH.AS ~: ING ING.AS ~: Goldman Sachs GS.N and Rabobank [RABN.UL].
After hours of negotiations~: a SWAT team burst in early yesterday and found Hoffine dead.
"In the first three months of 2003 alone~: weekly earnings adjusted for inflation fell 1.5% -- the biggest drop in more than a decade~:"" Lieberman said."
With 2.3 million members nationwide~: the Episcopal Church is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member global Anglican Communion.
The research is set to change how the public and doctors check for melanomas.
"SEIU President Andrew Stern said the unions are ""totally comfortable"" with Dean's positions."
Iraq's nuclear program had been dismantled and there was no convincing evidence it was being revived~: the report said.
Sony's portfolio gives subscribers a variety of personalized services including the ability to download and experience images~: ring tones~: music videos and other music entertainment services.
People just love e-mail~: and it really bothers them that spam is ruining such a good thing~: said Deborah Fallows~: the Pew researcher who wrote the report.
Forecasters predict the storm will reach Earth at 3 p.m. eastern time Friday and could last up to 18 hours.
The Princess' marriage was not set up by force~: said Vasile Ionescu~: of the Roma Centre for public policies.
"Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas told Palestinian Satellite TV the helicopter strike was a ""terrorist attack."""
Quattrone lawyer John W. Keker said his client is innocent.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 <.SPX> eased 0.37 of a point~: or 0.03 percent~: at 1~:121.
The men were immediately flown to nearby Botswana on a chartered Air Malawi flight~: Malawi intelligence officials said on condition of anonymity.
They were identified as Abdul Azi Haji Thiming and Muhammad Jalaludin Mading of Thailand~: and Esam Mohammed Khidr Ali of Egypt.
In a televised interview on Wednesday~: ECB President Wim Duisenberg said it was too soon to discuss further interest rate cuts in the 12-nation euro zone.
But Close wondered whether the package would be worth the cost of licensing the third-party software~: along with Salesforce.com's rental price.
Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world's largest and most familiar brands~: Heyer said in a statement.
In turn SuSE will license Java 2 Standard Edition while also formalising an existing agreement to distribute Sun's Java Virtual Machine for running Java applications.
In Nigeria alone~: the report said~: as many as 1 million women may be living with the condition.
Hines died of cancer Saturday in Los Angeles~: publicist Allen Eichhorn said Sunday.
Until this site was reported~: the earliest site in Bering land-bridge area was dated at about 11~:000 years ago~: Grayson said.
It takes 100 of the 150 House members to conduct business.
The agent~: Bassem Youssef~: filed the lawsuit on Friday in Federal District Court for the District of Columbia.
SARS has killed 296 people on China's mainland and infected more than 5~:200.
This change in attitude gave upscale purveyors including Neiman Marcus~: the parent of Bergdorf Goodman; and Nordstrom strong sales gains in May.
Sgt. Randy Force~: a police spokesman~: said O'Brien wasn't being charged with causing the crash because Reed was jaywalking.
INTEL TODAY disclosed details of its next-generation XScale processor for mobile phones and handheld devices here in San Jose.
Dos Reis also pleaded guilty to federal charges that he crossed state lines to have sex with Christina and another girl on a different occasion.
The suspects are expected to turn themselves in to Pennsylvania authorities within the next few days.
But none of them opposed the idea outright~: ministers said.
It's a task that would challenge even the sharpest of computer geeks: set up a hacker-proof computer network for 190~:000 government workers across the country fighting terrorism.
Mr. Stevens has also told his officers that information from British intelligence indicates there are more al Qaeda agents in Britain than previously thought.
Russian and Saudi officials on Monday signed a five-year agreement on cooperation in the oil and gas sector.
In winter~: it is transformed into a treacherous embankment~: a mountain of ice and snow that blankets everything.
"Sharpton nearly jumped out of his chair~: saying~: ""That sounds more like Stonewall Jackson than Jesse Jackson."
Gartner raised its own worldwide PC shipment forecast in August to 8.9 per cent growth for 2003~: up from expectations of 7.2 per cent.
This sale is part of our efforts to simplify our Foodservice Products business and improve its cost structure~: said Gary Costley~: Multifoods chairman and chief executive.
NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.
A photograph of the doctor's son~: Ariel~: holding the guitar appeared in the National Enquirer two weeks after Harrison's death.
Duke and North Carolina have been resolute in their positions against expansion.
"Analyst Mike King of Banc of America Securities downgraded Genentech on Monday to a ""sell"" before the company released its statement on the colon-cancer research."
She claimed all the babies were born full-term and died within hours~: he said.
The author is one of several defense experts expected to testify.
"In the undergraduate case~: Rehnquist said the use of race was not ""narrowly tailored"" to achieve the university's asserted interest in diversity."
The MTA will not discuss the matter because of pending litigation.
What this allows us to do is have a crossover that is much more fuel efficient and aimed at young families.
Licensing revenue slid 21 percent~: however~: to $107.6 million.
IBM said it believes that the investigation arose from a separate SEC investigation of a customer of IBM's Retail Store Solutions unit~: which markets and sells point-of-sale products.
An episode is declared when the ozone reaches .20 parts per million parts of air for one hour.
Two Atlanta companies that have not been accused of wrongdoing -- Delta Air Lines Inc. and the Home Depot -- were mentioned as having excessive pay packages for its CEOs.
Recall advocates say they have turned in 1.6 million signatures to counties.
From Florida to Alaska~: thousands of revelers vowed to push for more legal rights~: including same-sex marriages.
Ohio Attorney General Jim Petro hailed the appellate court ruling.
Holders of paper bonds will be able~: though not required~: to convert to electronic accounts.
The commission estimated California lost $937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001.
Microsoft said Friday that it is halting development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer browser~: citing competition from Apple Computer's Safari browser.
The book~: scheduled for release next month~: is described by Franken as a criticism of right-wing leaders and media spokesmen.
The first products are likely to be dongles costing between US$100 and US$150 that will establish connections between consumer electronics devices and PCs.
A race observer sits in the passenger seat of the vehicle following the contestant car to record broken rules and track of the car's time.
It features clasped hands and a peace pipe overlapping a hatchet.
According to the affidavit~: Al-Amoudi made at least 10 trips to Libya using two American and one Yemeni passport.
The only commercial carrier flying to Baghdad~: Royal Jordanian~: also suspended its flights for three days.
Shares in Wal-Mart closed at $58.28~: up 16 cents~: in Tuesday trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
Since last April~: scientists have learned how acrylamide is formed.
"We need to challenge old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual~:"" he wrote."
Smugglers in a van chased down a pickup and SUV carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants~: said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.
Xerox itself paid a $10 million fine last year to settle similar SEC charges.
"E Ink is one of several groups trying to develop electronic ""paper"" for e-newspapers and e-books~: and other uses - even clothing with computer screens sewn into it."
Shadrin said Khodorkovsky's aircraft was approached by officers identifying themselves as members of the FSB intelligence service~: the domestic successor to the Soviet KGB.
The rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in Norway and Sweden~: according to the study.
A former employee of a local power company pleaded guilty Wednesday to setting off a bomb that knocked out a power substation during the Winter Olympics last year.
The spacecraft is scheduled to blast off as early as tomorrow or as late as Friday from the Jiuquan launching site in the Gobi Desert.
The discovery that the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohn's sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation~: it said in a statement.
"Goldman Sachs said: ""We believe this is the right decision for the company~: for its employees and for its creditors."""
But in the end~: all the worm did was visit a pornography site~: said Vincent Weafer~: a security director with Symantec Security Response in California.
This led to the recovery of the 270-kilogram Cancuen altar~: announced on Wednesday by the Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society.
Mahmud was seized near Tikrit~: the area from which he and Hussein hail~: about 90 miles north of Baghdad~: U.S. military officials said Wednesday night.
Buoyed by some of the advice imparted by Nicklaus~: Howell shot an 8-under 64 for a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry.
Pollack said yesterday the plaintiffs failed to show that Merrill and Blodget directly caused their losses.
In Sweden~: 99 percent of women are literate while at the other end of the scale~: only eight percent of women in Niger are literate.
On the upside~: Coca-Cola Co. (nyse: KO - news - people) reported higher profit for the quarter early on Thursday~: helped by European demand.
But an agency employee lent the tape to a friend~: who lent it to Mr. Gonzalez.
The verbal flareup with Keating stemmed from Cardinal Mahony's initial refusal to participate in that survey unless procedures were changed.
Those reports were denied by the interior minister~: Prince Nayef.
Good cause has been clearly shown that such change of venue is necessary to ensure a fair and impartial trial~: Prince William County Circuit Judge LeRoy Millette Jr. wrote.
In 2002~: the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee took in $18~:009 from moonlighting as a songwriter~: according to his latest Senate financial disclosure.
The Foundation said telephone support would cost $39.95 per incident.
Stanford (46-15) takes on South Carolina today at 11 a.m. in the first game of the College World Series.
Apple has also built a new VPN (define) server into Panther Server that supports Mac OS X~: Windows or UNIX clients using PPTP and L2TP tunneling protocols.
Parrado's aunt believes her nephew~: who has served a prison sentence in Cuba~: will be persecuted if he is repatriated.
The two men~: whose names were not released~: both were using Pakistani passports and were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening~: police said.
Muslim immigrants have used the networks - which rely on wire transfers~: couriers and overnight mail - to send cash to their families overseas.
State unemployment last month stood at 6.4 percent~: down from a revised 6.7 percent in August.
"The actions reflect our strong forward momentum as we intensify our business focus and work to achieve profitability."""
The first vulnerability is a buffer overrun that results from IE's failure to properly determine an object type returned from a Web server.
No legislative action is final without concurrence of the House~: and it appeared the measure faced a tougher road there.
Dynes will get $395~:000 a year~: an increase over Atkinson's current salary of $361~:400.
Auditors acknowledged the auditors did not look at priests' personnel files.
"I think he has to disembrace Putin and put him on notice that he is taking the country in the wrong direction~:"" Soros said."
General Jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity for the period he was in office at Yarralumla.
The warning was the most serious the 15-nation bloc has sent Iran since they began negotiating a trade and cooperation agreement late last year.
An hour later~: an Israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in Gaza City~: killing two Hamas officials and at least five other people.
Thursday~: U.S. District Judge Florence-Marie Cooper will consider the second motion.
"He worked out how to get through the bone with his cheap ""multitool""-type knife~: made duller from futile attempts to scratch away at the rock."
The FTC also asked the judge to suspend his ruling pending its appeal.
We will clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration~: Reed said in a letter to the NYSE's 1~:366 members.
U.S. prosecutors have arrested more than 130 individuals and have seized more than $17 million in a continuing crackdown on Internet fraud and abuse.
One~: Fort Carson-based Sgt. Ernest Bucklew~: 33~: had been on his way home to attend his mother's funeral in Pennsylvania.
Gartner's report said global WLAN equipment shipments reached 19.5 million last year~: a 120 percent increase over 2001's 8.9 million units.
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.
British police arrested 21 people early Tuesday in connection with the suspected ritual murder of an African boy whose torso was found in the Thames River.
The board is investigating whether a shortage of funds in the shuttle program compromised safety.
Roberson was bitten on the back and scratched on the leg~: according to her mother~: Shamika Woumnm of Dorchester.
Laotian officials yesterday called on France~: the former colonial power~: to help the country find an alternative investor to EdF.
Lee Peterson testified that he reached his son on his cell phone and talked to him for a couple of minutes.
The governor is going to Jackson~: where 13 of the state's 16 fatalities were reported.
But Cruz resembled a police sketch of the suspect and had injuries consistent with what police expected from the struggle he had with the girl's mother~: Lansdowne said.
On May 22~: 2002~: a man walking his dog came across some of Levy's bones in Washington's Rock Creek Park.
The S3C2440 CPU supports major operating systems including Microsoft Windows CE/Pocket PC~: Palm OS~: Symbian~: and Linux.
That investigation closed without any charges being laid.
The comment period was to have expired on Monday.
The delegates said raising and distributing funds has been complicated by the U.S. crackdown on jihadi charitable foundations~: bank accounts of terror-related organizations and money transfers.
The bank requires growth from elsewhere in the economy and needs the economy to rebalance~: he said in an interview with the Press Association news agency.
At about 3 p.m. on Friday~: a relative of Bondeson called police to report his apparent suicide.
Bush said the United States was reviewing documents and interviewing Iraqis in an intensive effort to support the still unproven claim that Saddam had forbidden weapons.
"In its statement~: the bank said it believed ""the long-term prospects for the energy sector in the United Kingdom remain attractive."""
White House officials say Iran has one last chance to comply with IAEA inspection demands.
Also in the majority were Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices John Paul Stevens~: Sandra Day O'Connor~: Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen G. Breyer.
Both sets of findings were presented Dec. 1 at the annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America in Chicago.
"Nonetheless~: the open-source guru insisted~: ""This attack was wrong~: and it was dangerous to our goals."""
A positive PSA test has to be followed up with a biopsy or other procedures before cancer can be confirmed.
But Advani said Pakistan should prove its sincerity by handing over suspects wanted by New Delhi in connection with previous bombings in India.
Thousands of people in the South of England caught a glimpse of a lunar eclipse as they gazed up at the sky on Saturday night.
An experimental drug can slow the loss of vision caused by an eye disease that is the leading cause of blindness among the elderly~: researchers have found.
Muhammad and fellow sniper suspect Lee Boyd Malvo~: who goes on trial Nov. 10~: were arrested Oct. 24~: 2002~: at a Maryland highway rest stop.
The petition alleges that Huletts unfair sales have damaged the U.S. industry~: sending market prices below sustainable levels.
"In a statement~: the company said both bids would allow Vivendi to ""maintain a substantial minority interest in a U.S. media corporation with excellent growth potential."""
Wal-Mart estimates more than 100 million Americans visit their stores every week.
Mr Levine confirmed that Ms Cohen Alon had tried to sell the story during the World Cup.
The chipset will operate in the 2.4-GHz band~: and features radio signal interference prevention and low power consumption.
The stock rose $2.11~: or about 11 percent~: to close Friday at $21.51 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Siebel~: whose fortunes soared with the tech boom~: has cut nearly one-third of its workforce since the end of 2001.
Republican officials said the advertising buy was proof that Democrats are panicking that they were losing their stature on Medicare.
Our decision today is quite limited~: the judges stated in their opinion.
Although deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union~: the Beatles popularity knew no bounds and far outreached any other Western rock music.
Intel Corp. unveiled Wednesday its next generation processor for cellular phones~: personal digital assistants and other wireless devices.
The new WPAN standard uses the 2.4-GHz unlicensed frequency band and specifies raw data rates of 11M~: 22M~: 33M~: 44M and 55Mbit/sec.
Sales of downloaded singles and albums will be included in Billboard's charts for those configurations.
Five-year notes US5YT=RR rose 6/32 in price for a yield of 3.08 percent~: down from 3.12 percent late on Tuesday.
United States State Department spokesman Richard Boucher said: 'It is our judgment that the possible avenues to a peaceful resolution were not fully explored at the Tokyo conference.
The ELF has claimed responsibility for a slew of arson attacks against commercial entities that members say threaten or damage the environment.
Dennehy~: who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums~: had begun to read the Bible daily.
No charges have been filed in the deaths of the other victims; Lupas said authorities were making progress in the case.
"The government began on September 1 to add the word ""Taiwan"" in English to the cover of new passport~: a decision slammed by Beijing."
That would give smokers the right to take complaints to the Human Rights Commission or Human Rights Review Tribunal.
Business Week's online edition reported on Friday that WorldCom and the SEC could announce a settlement as early as Monday.
Peterson~: 31~: is now charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and their unborn son.
Simon shares Tuesday closed up 42 cents~: or about 1 percent~: at $39.45 on the New York Stock Exchange.
The other 18 people inside the building -- two visitors and 16 employees~: including Harrison's ex-girlfriend -- escaped unharmed~: Aaron said.
The new effort~: Taxpayers Against the Recall~: will be formally launched Wednesday outside a Sacramento fire station.
Peck died peacefully at his Los Angeles home early Thursday with his wife of 48 years~: Veronique~: by his side.
It also offers a built-in NAND flash boot loader so that high-density NAND flash memory can be used without having to install an additional support chip.
Under state law~: DeVries must be released to the jurisdiction in which he was convicted.
The lawyer for Hollins Jr.~: Thomas Royce~: has said his client had no link to the company that owned and operated E2.
Other features include FileVault~: which secures the contents of a home directory with 128-bit AES encryption on the fly.
As part of the agreement to extradite the two best friends from Canada~: prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty.
"This is a case about a woman who for 20 years dedicated her life to this country~:"" said Janet Levine."
"The virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like ""Thank You!"" and ""Re: Details""."
But plaque volume increased by 2.7 percent in pravastatin patients.
I am unaware of any genuine entries concerning British servicemen in the police records~: said a spokesman for the British High Commission in Nairobi yesterday.
Against the Canadian dollar~: the greenback was trading nearly flat at C$1.3252 <CAD=> after the Bank of Canada kept key interest rates unchanged.
The Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's 2001 application to sell Erbitux~: citing shoddy research.
I'm amazed at the number of people who think there is a silver bullet for security~: Capellas said.
Clijsters was simply too complete and powerful for the Spanish veteran Conchita Martínez in her quarterfinal~: winning~: 6-2~: 6-1.
Its Canadian operations only buy beef from facilities that are federally inspected and approved by the Canadian Food Inspection Agency.
Sylvan Shalom~: the Israeli Foreign Minister~: said there was a possibility that Mr Bush “will come to this area”.
I will support a constitutional amendment which would honor marriage between a man and a woman~: codify that~: he said.
It still remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short or long lived~: he said.
Rescue workers arriving to February's deadly fire at a West Warwick nightclub met a horrific scene~: as people trapped in the club's doorway screamed for help.
CS's other main division~: Financial Services~: made a 666 million franc net profit~: six percent below the prior quarter.
"Florida's Third District Court of Appeal saidon Wednesdaythe original proceedings were ""irretrievably tainted"" by misconduct by lawyers representing the class."
Tony-award winning dancer and actor Gregory Hines died of cancer Saturday in Los Angeles.
Inhibited children tend to be timid with new people~: objects~: and situations~: while uninhibited children spontaneously approach them.
The contract also includes a $200~:000 buyout.
The judge said Congress is the best forum for weighing the prescription drug importation issue.
The Conference Board reported its U.S. Consumer Confidence Index slipped to 83.5 in June from 83.6 in May.
I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one as a stance against terrorism~: he replied.
Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist~: a Tennessee Republican~: said he intended to work to get the loan provision removed from the final bill.
His dissent was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas.
Ricky Clemons' brief~: troubled Missouri basketball career is over.
The news came as authorities in Taiwan quarantined hundreds at two major hospitals amid fears of a widespread epidemic of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome on the self-governing island.
The latest shooting linked to the spree was a November 11 shooting at Hamilton Central Elementary School in Obetz~: about 3km from the freeway.
Investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death came~: prosecutor Wolfgang Schweer told The Associated Press.
Ruffner~: 45~: doesn't yet have an attorney in the murder charge~: authorities said.
The study found that only about one-third of parents of sexually experienced 14-year-olds knew their children were having sex.
Their father had pleaded with the doctors to stop the fight after his wife's euthanasia bid left their son in a coma and he was put on life-support.
Meanwhile~: the U.S. civilian administrator for Iraq~: L. Paul Bremer~: paid a two-hour visit to the northern cities of Erbil and Sulaimaniyah.
At a press conference Thursday~: the group claimed it had obtained 1.1 million signatures on petitions opposing the recall~: although the petitions have no legal effect.
We've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress~: probably later than we should have.
The new capabilities will provide IBM customers a way to create~: publish~: manage and archive Web-based content within a corporate intranet~: extranet and Internet environment.
Today~: we preserve essential tools to foster voice competition in the local market.
He added: ``I've never heard of more reprehensiblebehaviour by a doctor.
A tradition of Labor Day racing was established long ago in the Inland Empire.
Tampering with medicine has been so lucrative that many of those arrested lived in million-dollar homes.
This decision is clearly incorrect~: FTC Chairman Timothy Muris said in a written statement.
Last year~: he made his first foray into public politics~: running a successful proposition campaign to secure state funding for after-school programs.
"Microsoft favors setting up ""independent e-mail trust authorities to establish and maintain commercial email guidelines~: certify senders who follow the guidelines~: and resolve customer disputes."""
Overall~: 83 percent of women washed up~: compared with 74 percent of men.
It is essential that proceedings against accused terrorists both be fair and appear fair to outside observers~: he said.
The House passed a similar measure by a wide margin on Sept. 9.
The move to rein in losses at its four boutique outlets comes as the retailer seeks to cap the cost of doing business.
That kept the records sealed as Limbaugh's attorneys prepared to file an appeal.
For the 12-month period ending June 30~: high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent.
Grant also has been elected to Monsanto's board of directors~: the company said in a statement.
Token-issuing framework provides capabilities that build on WS-Security and define extensions to request and issue security tokens and to manage trust relationships and secure conversations.
Thomas was joined in full by Rehnquist~: and in parts by O'Connor and Scalia.
The House has passed prescription-drug legislation in the last two sessions~: but the Senate has failed to do so.
The problem likely will mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet starts flying again.
The Infineon case began in August 2000~: when Rambus accused Infineon of patent infringement and Infineon counter-sued Rambus for breach of contract and fraud.
The strength of demand for credit increases the danger associated with delaying (a rate rise) that is called for on general macroeconomic grounds~: Mr Macfarlane said.
In that case~: the court held that Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning only the advertising pamphlets in the interest of aesthetics.
Frank Quattrone~: the former Credit Suisse First Boston technology investment-banking guru~: reportedly pleaded not guilty Tuesday to charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.
The Justice Department Aug. 19 gave pre-clearance for the Oct. 7 date for the election to recall Gov. Gray Davis~: saying it would not affect minority voting rights.
The Senate version has no coverage for annual costs between $4~:450 and $5~:800.
Canadian researchers ordered the slaughter of more than 2~:000 cows and conducted an extensive investigation but were not able to find evidence of any other infected animals.
Paul Durousseau~: 30~: was charged with murder in five Jacksonville slayings between December and February~: and is also suspected of a 1997 Georgia killing.
Johnsons site is www.katyjohnson .com. Maxs is www.tuckermax.com.
Her putt for birdie was three feet short but she saved par without difficulty.
In exchange~: North Korea would be required to end its nuclear weapons program.
In the entire fiscal year~: the company lost a record $1.27 billion~: or $2.11 a share~: on sales of nearly $3.1 billion.
The United States accuses Saddam loyalists of attacks on oilfields and pipelines crucial to Iraq's economic recovery.
Previously he had seen the grinning mechanic from east Java only on television.
The deal~: approved by both companies' board of directors~: is expected to be completed in the third quarter of Nvidia's fiscal third quarter.
Carlson on Tuesday said he would not recuse himself from the case.
The former president also gave numerous speeches in 2002 without compensation~: said his spokesman Jim Kennedy.
Paul Themba Nyathi~: an MDC spokesman~: said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters.
Hundreds of soldiers took part in the early morning raid~: an apparent signal to Hamas that Israel would not limit itself to airstrikes in Gaza.
It said the damage to the wing provided a pathway for hot gasses to penetrate the ship's thermal armor during Columbia's ill-fated reentry.
Ridge said no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.
The lawsuit names Shelley~: a Democrat~: and registrars in Los Angeles~: Orange and San Diego counties.
"Justices said that the Constitution allows the government to administer drugs only ""in limited circumstances."""
Justice Minister Martin Cauchon and Prime Minister Jean Chrétien have both said the Liberal government will introduce legislation soon to decriminalize possession of small amounts of pot for personal use.
The support will come as a free software upgrade called WebVPN for current customers that have support contracts.
PwC itself paid $5m last year over alleged violations of independence rules.
Trevor Fetter~: who returned to Tenet as president last November~: has been appointed as acting CEO~: the company said.
Treatment guidelines~: many written by medical-specialty organizations~: recommend approaches to many ailments~: such as painkillers and exercise for arthritis.
Shares in EDS closed on Thursday at $18.51~: a gain of 6 cents.
Jacob has pushed consolidation for years~: but he has said many communities~: especially rural ones~: have opposed it.
Only two bidders of the six have expressed interest in the whole pie - oil tycoon Marvin Davis and Seagram heir Edgar Bronfman Jr.
St. Paul Chairman and Chief Executive Jay S. Fishman~: 51~: will be CEO of the combined company.
Even when the exchange detected violations~: it often failed to take disciplinary action~: the SEC said.
Shares of Hartford rose $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
But he said labor would see whether other senators can increase the value of awards proposed by Hatch and create a mechanism to ensure the fund remains solvent.
IBM stock rose $1.75~: to $84.50~: on the New York Stock Exchange.
The hearing is to determine whether there is enough evidence to order Akbar to a general court-martial proceeding.
At least 11 more cases in Indiana and three in Illinois are suspected.
Residents forced out of their homes on Sunday returned Monday~: many to floods in their basements or lower floors.
AMD reported a net loss of $140 million for the quarter ended June 29~: on sales of $645 million.
In a statement~: Microsoft said the dividend is payable Nov. 7 to shareholders of record on Oct. 17.
He also said he advised his grown-up children not to run up credit card debts.
Let me just say this: the evidence that we have of weapons of mass destruction was evidence drawn up and accepted by the joint intelligence community.
"Referring to a battle against a Muslim warlord in Somalia~: Boykin told another audience~: ""I knew my God was bigger than his."
The Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 0.3 per cent at 9~:886.75~: while the Nasdaq Composite index was 0.4 per cent higher at 1~:986.97.
Prime Minister Tony Blair~: speaking at his monthly news conference~: played up the danger and stressed the very grave threat that Britons were under and urged vigilance.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 58.69 points~: or 0.64 percent~: at 9~:137.86.
Barbini said the union may reach a compromise with the United States but it wants a system for labeling such foods~: something the industry successfully fought here.
The third case involved contracts signed by Sierra Pacific Resources SRP.N utility Nevada Power Co. and two municipal utilities.
He told FBI agents that he shot Dennehy after the player tried to shoot him~: according to the arrest warrant affidavit.
As a precaution~: NASA instructed space station astronauts to periodically seek shelter from the storm's effects in the station's Russian module.
We have an incredible amount of work to do~: but it's not in [designing new] instruction set architectures.
Although some firms show BPO savings~: vendors overstate their current offerings~: John C. McCarthy~: Forrester Group director~: said.
Recall proponents claim to have turned in more than 1.6 million signatures.
Most economists had expected a more dire report~: with many anticipating the fifth month of job losses in six months.
The US will take on Canada in the third-place play-off in Carson on Saturday.
The Cradle of Liberty Council isn't the first one to buck the national group's stance.
But U.S. troops will not shrink from mounting raids and attacking their foes when their locations can be pinpointed.
Penn Traffic filed for Chapter 11 reorganization at the end of May.
Christensen most recently served as VP of Microsoft's mobile devices division.
Mr. Sweeney outlined plans for the campaign in a speech last night in Philadelphia at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.
Hackett and Rossignol did not know each other and Hackett had no connection to Colby~: Doyle said.
Researchers at Sweden's Karolinska Institute reanalyzed data from more than 2~:000 infants who had been treated with radiation for a benign birthmark condition between 1930 and 1959.
The law does not regulate how much individuals can contribute to their own campaigns~: a decided advantage for millionaires like Mr. Schwarzenegger and Mr. Ueberroth~: both Republican candidates.
He was the Ace of Diamonds in a pack of cards depicting Iraqi fugitives that has been issued to U.S. troops.
Zulifquar Ali~: a worshiper slightly wounded by shrapnel~: said the attackers first targeted the mosque's guards.
Under the plan being announced Wednesday in Washington~: GM will provide Dow manufacturing plants with trucks containing fuel cell conversion equipment.
They were being held Sunday in the Camden County Jail on $100~:000 bail each.
TSMC also accused Syndia of trying to interfere with its customer relationships.
The suite comes complete with a word processor~: spreadsheet~: presentation software and other components~: while continuing its tradition of utilizing an XML-based file format.
The jury also found Gonzales guilty of using excessive force by dousing Olvera-Carrera with pepper spray.
Lawyers and others familiar with the federal investigation say it remains focused on Campbell~: though prosecutors declined to discuss the probe.
The U.S. State Department travel warning said the threat to aircraft by terrorists using shoulder-fired missiles continues in Kenya and includes Nairobi.
The Intel C++ Compiler for Platform Builder for Microsoft .NET is available for the suggested list price of $1~:499 and is intended for OEM and system integrator use.
Intel plans to present a paper on its findings today at a conference in Japan.
The stock has risen 44 cents in recent days.
Prosecutors said the investment was a breach of duty and resulted in the pension fund immediately losing $1 million.
Starting on Saturday~: every computer infected with MSBlast is expected to start flooding Microsoft's Windows Update service with legitimate-looking connection requests.
While Mr. Qurei is widely respected and has a long history of negotiating with the Israelis~: he cannot expect such a warm welcome.
Today~: analysts say~: UN members can no longer ignore the shifts since the September 11 2001 attacks.
Named in the complaint were former chief executive officers Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman and former CFO Barry D. Romeril.
Ryan Harvey~: an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida~: was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs.
Mayor Mike Bloomberg weighs in former football star William 'The Refrigerator' Perry for the 88th annual Nathan's Famous Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest.
So Sebastian did his best to convincingly confess to a crime that he didn't commit in order to survive~: she told jurors.
Hewlett-Packard Co. HPQ.N ~: the No. 2 computer maker~: rose 41 cents~: or 2.4 percent~: to $17.29.
"This decision would ""throw a monkey wrench into the FCC's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy~:"" he said."
That means that if the planet is in a season~: it will continue to brighten for the next 20 years.
An evaluation suggested there was no overall net clinical benefit in patients receiving the drug in the study~: the companies said in a statement distributed by Business Wire.
In Canada~: Tim Hortons' same-store sales were up as much as 6.7 per cent.
The reasons behind the increase in incidence are more complex and we are only just beginning to understand the risk factors~: he said.
Prince William County prosecutors told a judge yesterday they now want the trial of sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad moved out of the area.
Voters in Cleveland Heights~: Ohio~: approved a proposal allowing same-sex couples - and also unmarried heterosexual couples - to officially register as domestic partners.
Maddox~: 87~: cracked two ribs when he fell about 10 days ago at an assisted living home where he was recovering from intestinal surgery~: Virginia Carnes said.
Michel~: who remains in the government~: denied that US pressure had provoked the government's move.
The fawn~: named after Dr Duane Kraemer~: one of the researchers~: was born a few months ago.
Pappas said he wouldn't hesitate about asking Graham to substitute.
An attempt last month in the Senate to keep the fund open for another year fell flat.
The case comes out of Illinois and involves a for-profit company called Telemarketing Associates Inc.
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a US$70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.
There is no need for one deadline for all to create the ASEAN Economic Community~: Thaksin said.
It was the biggest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.
The state wanted every insurer doing business in California to turn over records of Holocaust-era insurance policies or risk losing its license to operate in the state.
The Democratic primary results have a margin of error of plus or minus 6.1 percentage points.
This will put a severe crimp in our reserves~: O'Keefe said Friday during a roundtable discussion with reporters at NASA headquarters.
Its attackers had to fire their rockets from hundreds of yards away~: with a makeshift launcher hidden in a portable electric generator.
"Joe Nichols captured new male vocalist honors~: riding back-to-back hits ""The Impossible"" and ""Brokenheartedsville."""
Mr Goh on his part~: described the visit as especially important - given the SARS situation.
The Nasdaq composite index rose 15.82~: or 0.9 percent~: to 1~:861.52.
The exam contains four sections and tests a students knowledge of algebra and geometry as well as probability and statistics.
It marked the fourth straight week and the ninth time this year that rates on this benchmark mortgage fell to an all-time weekly low.
"But a senior State Department official said: ""We'll decide how to keep the proper incentives there for countries to sign and for countries that have signed to ratify."""
The Russell 2000 index~: which tracks smaller company stocks~: was up 1.02~: or 0.21 percent~: at 496.83.
The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada - the FDA's counterpart in Canada.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI edged down 28.08 points~: or 0.3 percent~: at 9~:256.49.
Since it was launched~: the SiteFinder service has come under increasing criticism from users and analysts who say that VeriSign has overstepped its authority.
Activists say they fear the gathering is an attempt by corporate farming to push bio-engineered crops on starving countries.
Huge fires in Arizona and Colorado scorched forests where portions of projects meant to reduce the fire threat were tied up in appeals.
Still~: Mauresmo has the confidence of having beaten Serena for the first time and also is buoyed by Venus Williams' upset loss Sunday to Vera Zvonareva.
Site Finder has been visited 65 million times since its introduction~: Galvin said.
The indictment ``strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world~:'' said U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez.
Legato stockholders will get 0.9 of a share of EMC stock for every share of Legato they own.
It's obvious I'm not riding as well as years past~: Armstrong said at a news conference.
About 1~:500 firefighters here and north of the neighboring city of Rancho Cucamonga battled flames with helicopters~: air tankers and bulldozers.
If convicted of the spying charges~: he could face the death penalty.
Two of the six people who testified before Congress Wednesday were engaged in a bitter dispute about airing Yankees games.
Prosecutors said there is no question Waagner was behind the letters~: which were sent at the same time of the anthrax attacks.
Defense lawyers had objected in pretrial hearings to the videotape and the photo~: saying they were too unclear to identify Muhammad.
Then it temporarily retracts the hard drive's read-write head until the system is stabilized again.
The tone was set by President Hu~: the 60-year-old who became the Communist Partys general secretary in November last year and then the countrys president in March this year.
We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attack~: Barbara Comstock said.
The Fox Movie Channel has banned Charlie Chan.
Toll~: Australia's second-largest transport company~: last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail.
To be wedged between these two monsters and hold as well as we did makes it that much better~: said Rory Bruer~: Sony head of distribution.
Also weighing on the market was news that General Motors GM.N planned to issue $10 billion in debt~: in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.
"Claudia Gonzles Herrera~: an assistant attorney general in charge of the case~: said the arrests show that Guatemala ""takes the defense of its ancient Maya heritage seriously."""
"Dotson~: 21~: admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head ""because Patrick had tried to shoot him~:"" according to an arrest warrant released yesterday."
Mrs. Clinton said she was incredulous that he would endanger their marriage and family.
"The other 24 members are split between representatives of the securities industry and so-called ""public"" board members."
Taylor's aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more chaos~: a view shared by many in Liberia and~: in private~: even by mediators.
General Motors Corp. posted a record 8.4 percent improvement in 2000.
Two of his cousins members of the Jordanian royal family have been mentioned as possible contenders to the throne.
Troubled Devil Rays prospect Josh Hamilton's promising future is in doubt after an announcement Monday he will miss the season because of unspecified personal problems.
U.S. officials say Hussein loyalists do not require high-technology eavesdropping devices to gather substantial amounts of information on the activities of American officials.
Right from the beginning~: we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.
Others rushed up the aisle to vocally protest the remarks~: and one student tossed his cap and gown to the stage before leaving.
It names Shelley~: Los Angeles County Registrar of Voters Conny McCormack~: and registrars in Orange and San Diego counties as defendants.
"There is always a danger of casualties in something like this.,Howard said there was always a risk of casualties.
1,862810,862724,She was crying and scared~:' said Isa Yasin~: the owner of the store."
Dealers said the yen was also undermined by falling Japanese interest rates.
The state has received 19 entries in a competition for a World Trade Center Memorial and is working with families of victims to select a winner.
"Oracle's offer ""undervalues the company and is not in the best interest of stockholders~:"" PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway said."
From Justin to Kelly~: a romance starring American Idol winner Kelly Clarkson and runnerup Justin Guarini~: opened at No. 11 with $2.9-million.
"Gainer said the two staff aides are ""very sorry this all happened~:"" and the security personnel had performed ""well within standards."""
Milwaukee prosecutors charged a church minister with physical abuse in the death of an 8-year-old autistic boy who died during a healing service.
The anticipated global sales improvement in the month of June did not materialize~: said Chief Financial Officer Robert Rivet.
This blackout was largely preventable~: said Spencer Abraham~: US energy secretary.
The Ottoman Dignity will carry the oil to a Turkish refinery on the Aegean coast.
"Moroccan Interior Minister Al Mustapha Sahel said the investigation ""points to a group that has been arrested recently""~: an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist."
Saddam is gone~: but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end~: said Hit resident Abu Qasim.
About 1~:557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional.
Although Prempro pills were used in the study~: the researchers said they had no evidence that other brands were safer.
"O'Donnell wrote in her autobiography~: ""Find Me~:"" that she was ""an abused child."""
Shares in BA were down 1.5 percent at 168 pence by 1420 GMT~: off a low of 164p~: in a slightly stronger overall London market.
Emergency crews said some of the passengers were thrown partly out of the open side of the bus.
The updated 64-bit operating system~: Windows XP 64-Bit Edition for 64-Bit Extended Systems~: will run natively on AMD Athlon 64 processor-powered desktops and AMD Opteron processor-powered workstations.
They were held under Section 41 of the Terrorism Act 2000 on suspicion of involvement in the commission~: preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism.
Her body was found at the foot of a back staircase in the couple's expensive home in Durham.
Late last year~: for example~: more than 1800 US soldiers were placed in Djibouti to conduct counter-terrorism operations in the Horn of Africa.
Congress twice before passed similar restrictions~: but President Bill Clinton vetoed them.
The bulk of the funds~: some $65 billion~: will go for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.
This is a good day for Americas farmers~: said Sen. Charles Grassley~: an Iowa Republican~: in reaction to the administration announcement.
The seal will ultimately be used to identify DHS badges~: vehicles~: signs~: sea vessels and aircraft.
Microsoft presented several options at the meeting~: the consortium said in the statement.
The company posted a profit of $54.3 million~: or 22 cents per share~: in the year-ago period.
"Mr Annan said terrorism ""will only be defeated if we act to solve the political disputes and long-standing conflicts which generate support for it""."
The seizure of the money was confirmed by a US Treasury official assigned to work with Iraqi financial officers in Baghdad in rebuilding the country's banking and financial system.
"In an editorial in the journal~: two breast cancer researchers said hormones' effect on the breast creates a double-whammy that is ""almost unique"" in medicine."
"In an editorial in the journal~: two breast-cancer researchers said hormones' effect on the breast created a double-whammy that is ""almost unique"" in medicine."
Over the weekend~: NASA landed a six-wheeled robot on Mars to study the planet.
There is no transcript the courtroom session in Tarrytown~: 12 miles north of New York on the Hudson River.
Monday said it has its first customer for its controversial Intellectual Property Compliance License for SCO UNIX Rights.
Also demonstrating box-office strength - and getting seven Tony nominations - was a potent revival of Eugene O'Neill's family drama~: Long Day's Journey Into Night.
The disagreement over online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court yesterday.
The Phillies were upset that Counsell had stolen second in the sixth inning with Arizona leading 7-1.
The question that has to be penetrated is~: how did 38 visits over 2 years not rescue these children from slow torture and starvation?
Large swells and dangerous surf already were being felt along sections of the coast.
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads tightened in spotty trading on Friday as Wall Street labored to get back on its feet after the largest power outage ever in North America.
"Mr. Bloomberg later told reporters that the agreement ""will be a compromise~: like the real world requires."""
Identical wording was introduced in the Senate last week by three Republicans~: Wayne Allard (Colo.)~: Jeff Sessions (Ala.) and Sam Brownback (Kan.).
According to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (news - web sites)~: there were 19 reported cases of measles in the United States in 2002.
After their arrests~: the men told investigators they paid to be smuggled into Blaine~: Wash.~: from Canada last month~: two sources said.
Albertson's and Kroger's Ralphs stores locked out their workers in response.
We are committed to helping the Iraqi people get on the path to a free society~: Rumsfeld said in a speech to the Council on Foreign Relations.
A senior Administration official who briefed journalists on Friday said neither Mr Bush nor National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice read the estimate in its entirety.
Feith said people have misconstrued the purpose of the small intelligence review team he assembled in October 2001.
Misfeldt agreed to pay $US346~:807 in allegedly ill-gotten gains and $US111~:595 in interest.
The decision means that Qarase must invite up to eight Labor Party members into cabinet.
There is no conscious policy on the part of the United States to move the dollar at all~: Snow said.
The stock closed Friday at $5.91~: down $1.24~: or 17 percent~: on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
This issue is unlikely to be resolved until lawmakers return from their summer recess in early September.
Under Mexican law~: bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.
Others with such a status are Egypt~: Israel~: and Australia.
No country seems likely to oppose proposals for a long-term European Council president~: replacing the current rotating presidency~: as well as an EU foreign minister.
Taiwan had been relatively free of the viral infection until a fiasco at a Taipei hospital in late April caused the number of infections to skyrocket.
Two women lost their battle in a British court yesterday to save their frozen embryos and use them to have children without the consent of their former partners.
A summary of his remarks says: all the group's savings have been lost to raids and arrests~: and JI is totally dependent on al-Qa'ida for money.
Igen's stock closed $4.70 or nearly 13.7 percent higher at $39.10 on the Nasdaq market.
Just across a river~: St. Joseph has trendy restaurants~: boutiques~: offices and a picturesque beachfront.
Scotland Yard said the three were charged under the Anti-Terrorism~: Crime and Security Act 2001~: with alleged failure to disclose information about acts of terrorism.
Stocks had surged on Tuesday as economic reports pointed to a thriving housing market and an uptick in consumer confidence.
Rep. Dennis Kucinich of Ohio is expected to raise more than $1 million.
A gunman who had ``a beef with the Postal Service'' stormed into a suburban post office and took two employees hostage Wednesday~: authorities said.
Higher courts have ruled that the tablets broke the constitutional separation of church and state.
"He added that those ""are not solely American principles~: nor are they exclusively Western."""
But with the PM due to leave tomorrow afternoon for personal reasons there was a risk he might not be present when the final decision was made.
The nation's largest retailer has told its 100 top suppliers they have to start using electronic tags on all pallets of goods by Jan. 25~: 2005.
The capsule landed on its side and drifted about 12 metres~: probably dragged by the main parachute.
Gov. Rick Perry has said that while he opposes gambling expansion~: he would be reluctant to veto continuation of the Lottery Commission.
Druce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation~: she said.
Prairie dogs sold as exotic pets are believed to have been infected in an Illinois pet shop by a Gambian giant rat imported from Africa.
The largest gains were seen in prices~: new orders~: inventories and exports.
"They came despite what BA called a ""difficult quarter""~: which it said included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow."
Volodymyr Gorbanovsky~: deputy general director of the plane's owners~: Mediterranean Airlines~: said it appeared to have veered from its flight path because of the fog.
The findings appear in next Friday's Physical Review Letters.
Another soldier died and three were wounded when their vehicle hit a land mine or a piece of unexploded ordnance in Baghdad~: a military statement said Tuesday.
"U.S. Capitol Police Chief Terrance Gainer said the incident resulted from ""two staff members bringing in Halloween costumes."""
The 2 1/2 -ton probe will plunge into the thick Jovian atmosphere today at 3:49 p.m. Eastern time~: disintegrating moments later from the friction generated by its 108~:000-mph free-fall.
Forty to 50 years ago~: the ratio was 3 to 1~: Kessler said~: and 10 years ago~: it was 2 to 1.
The exam is a requirement for graduation~: but Mills reversed course after an estimated 60 percent of students statewide failed it.
Several of the questions asked by the audience in the fast-paced forum were new to the candidates.
"According to SunnComm's Peter Jacobs~: ""MediaMax performs exactly as 'advertised' to the companies who purchased it."
"The Interior Minister~: Al Mustapha Sahel~: said the investigation ""points to a group that has been arrested recently""~: an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist."
If the subsidies are not repealed~: the European Union is threatening trade sanctions against the United States.
"It was better under Saddam~:"" said 28-year-old Mushtaq Talib~: a job-seeking army deserter~: when asked what message he would like to convey to Powell."
"Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said yesterday that the men's behavior ""was a disgrace~: and totally inappropriate for city employees."""
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree~: Kelley~: in his 30th year teaching~: makes $65~:000.
Accusations of improper activity are as false today as they were when the Democrats first made them~: Grella said.
In a statement later~: he said it appeared his side may have fallen a bit short.
Spitzer was among a group of federal and state regulators who negotiated a $1.4 billion settlement with 10 brokerage houses to settle investigations of analyst conflicts of interest.
State wildlife officials have concluded that the fluorescent zebra fish from Florida poses no danger~: and they have recommended that the state exempt it from the ban.
The two rugged counties got 2 to 3 inches of rain between midnight and noon.
If that ain't a Democrat~: then I must be at the wrong meeting~: he said to a standing ovation.
The survey of 60~:000 people~: conducted in 2001 and 2002~: found 91 percent of commuters use their own car or truck.
The top speed of Ethernet could hit 40G bps (bits per second) within the next two years~: a senior Cisco Systems Inc. executive said Wednesday.
Only 1pc of those taking the drug worldwide have contracted ILD as a result~: she said.
The fighting around Bunia began after neighboring Uganda completed the withdrawal of its more than 6~:000 soldiers from the town.
Kerry last month outlined a U.N. resolution authorizing a military force under U.S. command and transferring responsibility to the United Nations for the political and humanitarian efforts.
Authorities questioned O'Dell in Pennsylvania over the weekend after identifying her through records at the self-storage company.
"PeopleSoft management could choose to activate an anti-takeover defense known as a ""poison pill~:"" designed to thwart undesired suitors."
Magner~: who is 54 and known as Marge~: has been the consumer group's chief operating officer since April 2002~: and sits on Citigroup's management committee.
At least 154 people~: most of them opposition activists or officials~: were arrested across the country Monday~: police spokesman Wayne Bvudzijena said in a statement.
The State Court of Appeals did not explain the reason for keeping the lower court's unanimous opinion from July.
All of those governments have said their support will not waver~: though public sentiment is rising against it.
The number of lung transplantations also increased from 30 to 64~: and the mean waiting time on the transplant list decreased from 290 days to 87 days.
A COUPLE have been arrested for starving their four sons while letting their daughters feast in front of them.
The £5m would give BA a considerable return on the £5 it originally paid the government for the aircraft.
That doesn't mean to say it doesn't exist~: said Mr. Chandler~: but simply that his team hasn't uncovered evidence indicating such a link.
Before Thursday's matinee~: Baker called a clubhouse meeting~: concerned that the controversy had distracted the Cubs.
Fewer than a dozen FBI agents were dispatched to secure and analyze evidence.
Deirdre Hisler~: Government Canyon's manager~: said the state has long had its eye on this piece of property and is eager to complete the deal to obtain it.
About 120 potential jurors were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire.
"Sobig.F spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain such familiar headings as ""Thank You!~:"" ""Re: Details"" or ""Re: That Movie."""
Sir Wilfred Thesiger~: traveller~: writer~: and one of the last solitary explorers of a shrinking planet~: has died aged 93.
Rebels sought to consolidate their grip on a troubled northeastern Congolese town Tuesday after a week of fighting that killed at least 112 people.
It predicted that a 7.0 percent rise to $204.9 billion in 2006 would push the industry's yearly sales slightly past its highest-ever level in in 2000.
The attacks came as Mr Sharon faced down the hardline central committee of his Likud party in Jerusalem.
But at age 15~: she had reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.
The board's final report~: expected in late August~: will stop short of assigning individual blame for the Columbia accident that killed seven astronauts~: Gehman said.
They had published an advertisement on the Internet on June 10~: offering the cargo for sale~: he added.
As envisioned by Breaux~: the government would help pay for the first $3~:450 in prescription drug costs.
In Somalia~: only 26% of adolescent females (aged 10-19) have heard of Aids and just 1% know how to protect themselves.
It just seems like all the issues that we support~: he doesn't~: said Gabriela Lemus of LULAC.
The decision came a year after Whipple ended federal oversight of the district's racial balance~: facilities~: budget~: and busing.
"Kenneth ""Supreme"" McGriff was sentenced to 37 months in prison for illegally possessing a handgun as a convicted felon at a firing range in Maryland."
Tokyo Electric Power Co.~: Asia's largest power company~: won approval to restart the first of 17 nuclear reactors it shut down after it admitted falsifying inspection reports.
Class-action suits expand exponentially the number of plaintiffs and damages in a lawsuit by allowing initial plaintiffs to plea on behalf of a far larger group with common interest.
The 2001 recession is considered short and shallow relative to the nine others since World War II~: which averaged 11 months.
Hoffa~: 62~: vanished on the afternoon of July 30~: 1975~: from a Bloomfield Township parking lot in Oakland County~: about 25 miles north of Detroit.
IG Farben's 500 properties were valued at around 38-million euros (about R300-million) and the firm had debts totalling about 28-million.
To date~: 152 communities and the legislatures of Alaska~: Hawaii and Vermont have approved resolutions condemning the act.
His daughter~: Nina Axelrod~: told The Associated Press that he died in his sleep~: apparently of heart failure.
The computers were reportedly located in the U.S.~: Canada and South Korea.
"Baer said he had concluded that lawyers for the two victims ""have shown~: albeit barely . . . that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaida."""
Earlier this year~: the company announced a restatement of its 2002~: 2001 and 2000 financial results.
Leon Williams' body was found inside his third-floor apartment at 196 Bay St.~: in Tompkinsville.
They described the abductor as a Hispanic man in his 30s or early 40s~: 5-feet-2 to 5-feet-5~: weighing about 160 pounds.
Police said yesterday they believe Mr. Cruz knew of the girl through one of her former schoolmates~: though neither the girl nor her family knew him.
The accusation that I misappropriated money from Jennifer Lopez is both untrue and offensive~: Medina said in a statement.
I'm delighted that David Chase has decided to give us another chapter in the great 'Sopranos' saga~: HBO chairman and chief executive Chris Albrecht said.
Unless their parents submit written objections~: students~: regardless of citizenship status~: would be required to participate in the pledges and the minute of silence.
Under Kansas law~: it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sexual relations.
The island nation reported 65 new cases on May 22~: a one day record~: and 55 new cases on May 23~: making Taiwan's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world.
The legal ruling follows three days of intense speculation Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.
U.S. District Judge William Steele set a hearing tomorrow on the lawsuit.
Samuel Waksal~: ImClone's former CEO~: recently began serving a prison sentence of more than seven years for securities fraud.
The Qantas colleagues were last night in a serious but stable condition after being rushed to Royal Melbourne Hospital.
Since then~: Acacia had only had supervised visits with her grandmother~: she said.
Voters in Cleveland Heights~: Ohio~: were asked to decide whether to allow same-sex couples - and also unmarried heterosexual couples - to officially register as domestic partners.
He listed LeapFrog Enterprises' LF.N LeapPad books~: Hasbro Inc.'s HAS.N Beyblade starter set~: and MGA Entertainment's Bratz doll line as toys that were stealing market share.
They are due to appear in the Brisbane Magistrates Court today.
The epidemic began in November in the mainland's Guangdong province~: but the People's Republic of China refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.
Parson has been charged on one count of intentionally causing or attempting to cause damage to a computer.
As part of a 2001 agreement to extradite them from Canada~: prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty.
It is the fifth such election in Iraq~: after the northern city of Mosul and three cities in Iraq's south.
A company spokesman declined to comment further Wednesday~: and a Redding Medical Center official didn't immediately return telephone calls.
"But Mr Robinson urged the voters to be ""kind and sensitive and gentle"" to the believers who ""will not understand what you've done here today""."
If convicted of violating the Truth in Domain Names Act~: Zuccarini could face up to four years in prison and a $250~:000 fine.
Selenski's partner in the jailbreak~: Scott Bolton~: injured his ankle~: pelvis and ribs during the escape attempt~: Warden Gene Fischi said.
UN armored personnel carriers trained machine guns on Bunia's main street but did not open fire.
"Nobody really knows what happened except me and that guard~: Kaye said~: ""and I can assure you that what he said happened didn't happen."""
For example~: Anhalt said~: children typically treat a 20-ounce soda bottle as one serving~: although it actually contains 2 ½ 8-ounce servings.
The cleanup~: including new carpeting~: electrical wiring and bathrooms~: cost about $130 million.
Net profit was $275m~: or 23 cents per American Depositary Receipt~: for the period ending March 31.
King~: brand-name writer~: master of the horror story and e-book pioneer~: is receiving this year's medal for Distinguished Contributions to American Letters.
"Ride~: astronauts Story Musgrave~: Robert Hoot"" Gibson and Daniel Brandenstein will enter the hall of fame together."
Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa Inc. AA.N to report earnings after the close.
"Mr. Suen said this evening~: after the ruling~: that Hong Kong's cabinet would meet ""very soon"" to decide whether to resume construction."
Trading in Loral was halted yesterday; the shares closed on Monday at $3.01.
Had the creditors turned down the bailout plan~: LG Group might have been forced to close down its credit card business.
Wells’ other series include NBC’s ER and Third Watch.
Water samples are being tested in a state lab to determine what caused the reaction.
The CFTC has been investigating several energy companies~: including at least three Colorado companies~: for manipulating energy markets by reporting false natural-gas trading prices to industry publications.
The TAAD and SAR-x chips are priced from $125 to $300 in quantities of 10~:000.
Freddie Mac shares were down more than 16 per cent at $50.18 at midday yesterday.
"Contrary to the court's decision~: we firmly believe Congress gave the FTC authority to implement the national Do Not Call list.,Contrary to the court's decision~: we firmly believe Congress gave the F.T.C. authority to implement the national do-not-call list~:"" the congressmen said in a statement."
About 10 percent of high school and 16 percent of elementary students must be proficient at math.
The rapper's lawyer~: Mark Gann~: didn't return calls for comment.
In two new schemes~: people posing as IRS representatives target families of armed forces members and e-mail users.
"Ximian brings Novell unparalleled expertise~: strengthening our ability to work with [our] customers and leverage open source initiatives more constructively."""
Of course I want to win again~: but I think is worse when you never won before because you are very anxious~: he says.
Perry has called lawmakers into two special sessions to address congressional redistricting.
Sgt. Ernest Bucklew~: 33~: was coming home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania.
Coupling~: an American version of a hit British comedy~: will get the valuable Thursday 9:30 p.m. time slot.
