"Tokyo Electric Power Co., Asia's largest power company, restarted the first of 17 nuclear reactors it shut down after admitting it falsified inspection reports."
"The attack on the Rashid Hotel on Sunday, during the visit of the deputy secretary of defense, Paul D. Wolfowitz, underscores the nature of the problem."
His protest triggered a 47-hour standoff with police that led to huge traffic jams as commuters backed up in downtown Washington and Northern Virginia.
It said sales of film in China during April and May were about half the amount sold in the year-ago period.
"Beginning Friday, every major exhibitor in the country will donate time to play trailers in more than 5,000 theaters across the United States."
Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi has all but popped the champagne bottle.
Dick is going to be there as long as Dick wants to be there.
The findings are published in the July 1st issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine.
"On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured when a munitions dump they were guarding exploded in southern Iraq."
He is expected to ask for a lifeline of around €50m to pay suppliers and keep the company afloat.
"Asked how his nation felt, he replied: ""Australians are very upset and angry by what took place . . . upset because innocent people lost their lives."""
"We started our investigation of the child porn ring last year in August and soon realised that it was a big thing, Mr Beer told a packed press conference."
"The other 18 people inside the building - two visitors and 16 employees, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend - escaped unharmed, Aaron said."
The House Government Reform Committee passed the bill today.
"Goldman decided to increase its quarterly dividend to 25 cents a share from 12 cents, citing recent tax legislation as a primary factor behind the move."
"The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> rose 6 points, or 0.41 percent, to 1,498."
U.S. stocks fell in early morning trade on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.
A total of 17 confirmed cases of cholera were reported yesterday by the World Health Organisation in the southern Iraqi city of Basra.
"As a responsible leader we felt it necessary to make these changes because online chat services are increasingly being misused, stated Gillian Kent, director at MSN UK."
Channel Nine has been billed as the most popular commercial station after recently recording 26 consecutive weeks on top of the ratings.
"However, a Fort Campbell spokesman, said that Akbar had ""an attitude problem."""
The administration's hope is that by increasing the efficiency of older coal-fired plants - the most affected segment - more power can be produced more cheaply.
Hundreds of Kenyan women claiming they were attacked and raped by British soldiers were granted government legal aid Wednesday to pursue their case against the Ministry of Defense.
Senate passage of the Medicare bill is almost certain Monday.
A poll released this week showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor has given a boost to his re-election effort.
"U.S. stocks rose slightly on feather-light volume on Friday, as Wall Street regrouped after the biggest-ever power outage in North America."
"Iran should be on notice that attempts to remake Iraq in Iran's image will be aggressively put down, he said."
"United said it the new airline use 40 jets, each seating 156 passengers."
ATA also has hired Citigroup and Morgan Stanley to evaluate options for refinancing or restructuring $175 million of 10.5 percent senior notes due in August 2004.
"A nationally known computer hacker is being sought on a federal arrest warrant stemming from a sealed complaint in New York, a federal defender in California said Friday."
Donations stemming from the Sept. 11 attacks helped push up contributions to human service organizations by 15 percent and to large branches of the United Way by 28.6 percent.
"Clearly Roman creams of any type, paint or cosmetic, do not normally survive ... it's pretty exceptional."""
Taxpayers unsure if they are owed refunds can use interactive features on the IRS Web site to track refunds or advance child credit payments.
"Mr Blair and the Foreign Secretary, Jack Straw, have denied Ms Short's claims that Britain has reneged on plans to involve the UN in the reconstruction of Iraq."
She cautioned that it will be difficult for investigators to tie any decline in shuttle funding directly to the February tragedy.
"But Ms Ward said the headroom under its financial covenants was ""tight"" and that there could be a rating downgrade if Southcorp did breach any banking covenants."
Al-Amoudi was arrested at Dulles International Airport after arriving on a British Airways flight from London.
"Elsewhere in the north, the American administrator for Iraq, L. Paul Bremer III, paid a brief, low-profile visit to the cities of Erbil and Suleimaniya."
"The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was up 5.64 points, or 0.34 percent, at 1,672.22."
Mrs Clinton said her husband action's were morally wrong but did not constitute a public betrayal.
"Fasting glucose, used to measure diabetes risk, was 142 on average for those given usual care compared to 129 in the group given special treatment."
They also drafted a nonbinding priorities list specifying that one-quarter may be used to reduce planned cuts of 5 percent in fees paid to health care providers.
"About 150 local governments, including those of Carrboro, Alaska, Hawaii and Vermont, have approved similar resolutions."
"He added: ""Culturecom is confident it will make a significant impact on market share with this new development."""
"In early December, immigration inspectors at Hartsfield will be able to match the fingerprints to the federal government's computerized ""watch lists,"" Williams said."
"CAPPS II will not use bank records, credit records, or medical records, according to Loy and Kelly."
"Earlier, Bashir's supporters had defied a police order and cried ""Allahu Akbar (God is Greatest)"" as he walked to his seat."
"Mr. Dewhurst has suggested a cooling-off period, which could give the senators time to go home."
"Rubbing salt in the wounds, housing starts jumped a strong 6.1 percent in May while industrial output edged up 0.1 percent, just beating forecasts of a flat outcome."
Another recent study found that 12 million adults have been diagnosed with diabetes and another 5 million adults have the condition but don't know it.
"A month ago, the Commerce Department said GDP grew at a 7.2 percent rate."
"Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer, who identified himself only as ""Eleonora[67],"" to extend the contest until 3 p.m. Arizona time Sunday."
"Peterson, 31, is now charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and their unborn son."
"E Ink is one of several companies working to develop electronic ""paper"" for e-newspapers and e-books, and other possible applications _ even clothing with computer screens sewn into it."
"Her first heart tumor was removed in 1997 in the upper part of her heart, but it returned in 1999, 2001, and again this year."
But NASA has instructed space station astronauts to periodically seek shelter from the storm's effects.
"Trading volume was extremely light at 1.05 billion shares, below an already thin 1.19 billion on Tuesday."
"The court Monday reversed the decision of that court, the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals."
"Progress Software Corp. is acquiring DataDirect Technologies Ltd., a privately held supplier of data-access software, for approximately $88 million, the companies said Friday."
"But Gordon emphasized that the legislation he introduced last week is ""a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral (Harold) Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation."""
"The New York Times asked employees at its headquarters to shut down their computers yesterday because of ""computing system difficulties."""
"The memo specifically mentioned Linux, a still small but emerging software competitor that is not owned by any specific company."
The Senate motion also called on Prime Minister John Howard to hold a royal commission into child sex abuse.
Tens of thousands of demonstrators gathered yesterday evening to stand before this city's legislature building and call for free elections and the resignation of Hong Kong's leader.
"In an accompanying editorial, two breast cancer researchers said that the effect of hormones on the breast created a double whammy that was ""almost unique"" in medicine."
"They did not nationalize them,"" said Manouchehr Takin of the Center for Global Energy Studies."
Current Chief Operating Officer Mike Butcher and Group Chief Financial Officer Alex Arena will report to So.
"Ohio Attorney General Jim Petro was pleased by the ruling, spokesman Mark Gribben said."
"We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States, Moqtada al-Sadr said."
"Bush said in a statement that he ordered the U.S. Treasury Department to act following Tuesday's suicide bombing attack in Jerusalem, which killed 20 people."
Merck plans to spin off all the shares of Medco to company shareholders in the third quarter.
Two federal agencies are investigating telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
"Since then, Acacia has spent little time with her grandmother."
"Asked about other possible attacks, Roberts said: “I don’t think there’s any question about it that they’re going to be very global in nature."
Nobody is saying such a pill could replace earplugs and other mechanical ear protection.
"This framework will be based on the company's work with the ObjectWeb consortium, Apache Software Foundation and the Eclipse IDE community."
"He said, from a science standpoint, the city's last case was April 19, so the all clear day was actually yesterday."
"But waiting crowds filling the streets rushed the bridges soon after daylight, overrunning razor-wire barricades."
"But when neither Justice O'Connor nor any other justice announced a retirement when the court's term ended in June, it was widely seen as making those campaigns moot."
"Leading Democratic candidates are former state and national Democratic Chairman Joe Andrew and State Sen. Vi Simpson, Ellettsville."
"In one scene the film showed Mr Reagan's character saying of Aids patients: ""They that live in sin shall die in sin."""
"He added that if he were diagnosed with vCJD I would ensure I received this treatment as soon as humanly possible""."
"Sebastian did his best to confess convincingly to a crime he didn't do in order to survive, Ms. Richardson declared."
Bombardier's class B shares were up 13 Canadian cents or 3.2 percent at C$3.93 on the Toronto Stock Exchange late Monday morning.
"Zilkha conceded in a statement issued Tuesday that his group may have fallen ""a bit short."""
But an earnings per share of 22 cents was slightly better than analysts' estimates of 19 cents a share and more than double what Ford had predicted in April.
"The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 11.22 points, or 1.13 percent, at 1,007.19."
Analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call had expected Kodak to earn 68 cents a share for the quarter.
"Forty to 50 years ago, the ratio was about 3-to-1, Kessler said, and 10 years ago, it was about 2-to-1."
"Earlier this week, Putnam said the Manhattan U.S. Attorney had subpoenaed its trading documents, raising the possibility of a criminal indictment."
Parson is charged with one count of intentionally causing damage to a protected computer.
"An Ohio law that bans a controversial late-term abortion procedure is constitutionally acceptable and the state can enforce it, a federal appeals court ruled yesterday."
"From 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy."
"They have a cell phone and everybody that has a cell phone wishes they had a better one."""
"Australia will introduce legislation later this year to ban spam, the Minister for Communications, Information Technology and the Arts, Senator Richard Alston, announced today."
"If Fortigel had been approved, Cellegy would have reached profitability by the second half of 2004, said Richard Juelis, chief financial officer."
"The Pentagon had hoped to retain control of the postwar effort, so the decision was seen by some insiders as a victory for Powell and the State Department."
The sale represents about 52 per cent of the 115.9 million shares Mr Turner held at the end of April.
U.S. officials say operatives loyal to the ousted Saddam government do not require hightechnology eavesdropping devices to gather substantial amounts of information on the activities of American officials.
"The teens are being held on charges of robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer, sources said."
Grassley and Baucus said they had rejected that approach in their plan.
"As many as 30 people were believed to be trapped inside initially, the state police said."
"But in San Francisco, 80 percent of men and only 59 percent of women washed their hands."
"That fire devastated the reservation, a nearby national forest and several communities, burning 469,000 acres and destroying 491 homes."
Relief is in sight for Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners insurance premiums.
"This case is wholly without merit, both factually and legally, Chin said."
"Stack testified that he was not asked to do any work for Triumph until June 1999, after a grand jury investigating Silvester subpoenaed Triumph."
The banks did not admit or deny the SEC charges under the settlements.
Environmental campaigners used the eclipse to highlight the surge in light pollution across Britain.
"Family and friends of the west Belfast man insist he was in the West Bank on a ""cultural visit""."
"The kingdom of Saudi Arabia has been wrongfully and morbidly accused of complicity in the tragic terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, he said."
Lindsay Frost and Dylan Baker played Elizabeth Smart's parents.
"The results appear in the January issue of Cancer, an American Cancer Society (news - web sites) journal, being published online Monday."
"Imam Samudra, leader of the team that carried out the bombing, was sentenced to death last month."
"Teen-agers at high schools where condoms are available are no more likely to have sex than other teens, a study says."
"Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chip-set."""
"Not surprisingly, broadband nation Korea leads the way in broadband penetration, with approximately 21 broadband subscribers for every 100 inhabitants."
"Under the original Roe v. Wade ruling, the abortion decision was left to the woman and her physician before a fetus could live outside the womb."
"Savage made an extremely inappropriate comment and the decision to cancel the program was not difficult, MSNBC spokesman Jeremy Gaines said."
"In addition, Hambali laments, ""all the group's savings have been lost to raids and arrests,"" and ""JI is now totally dependent on al-Qaeda for money."""
"Born in 1953 in Baghdad, she is the daughter of Saleh Mahdi Ammash, a former vice-president, defence minister and member of the Baath party's leadership."
"The father, Ron Lovett, issued a statement through a family member Monday, apologizing for his son's behavior."
"Above the clasped hands is a tomahawk crossed by a peace pipe, signifying peace."
"In 1969, Ms. McCorvey's attorneys filed suit against Dallas County District Attorney Henry Wade challenging the state's abortion laws."
"The network will drop one edition of ""Dateline,"" its newsmagazine franchise."
"The quick conviction followed a 2 1/2 week trial, during which the Venango County man represented himself."
"Ms Stewart, 61, its chief executive officer and chairwoman, did not attend."
"Thanks to Avalon, Longhorn will support new styles of user interfaces and user interface elements."
"Those systems typically combine institutional and community care and are paid for with combinations of state, federal and private money."
"Meanwhile, for people aged 60 to 69, disability declined by more than 10 percent."
Elan would receive an additional $25 million in January if Skelaxin retains patent exclusivity and would also get a five percent share of sales from 2005.
"New York City will collect an estimated $182.5 million in tax revenue from the 2003 bonuses, compared with the $125.4 million it collected in 2002."
"The Senate majority leader, Bill Frist, R-Tenn., said he hoped Congress would finish work on the legislation by late September."
"Cisco reported earnings of $987 million, or 14 cents a share, on revenue of $4.62 billion for the quarter ending in April."
"Doctors concluded Erbitux, the cancer drug that enmeshed ImClone Systems in an insider trading scandal, worked just as well as an earlier company-sponsored study said it did."
"A reading above 50 suggests growth in the sector, while a number below that level indicates contraction."
"Like the Power4, the Power5 contains two processor cores on one chip."
The Ministry of Defence said yesterday: “We can confirm that an investigation is being conducted into allegations surrounding a British officer who served in Iraq.
"Hoffa, 62, vanished on the afternoon of July 30, 1975, from a parking lot in a Detroit suburb in Oakland County."
"KBR is left with no option for providing these services from Kuwait other than to continue obtaining them from Altanmia, the document said."
"Chante Jawaon Mallard, 27, is charged with murder and tampering with evidence."
London Mayor Ken Livingstone announced over the weekend that police and security services had foiled four terrorist attacks on the capital.
"Four men were arrested and have been charged with attempted murder, torture, rape, assault, armed robbery and burglary."
The State Court of Appeals did not explain its reasons for not disturbing the Appellate Division's unanimous opinion issued in July.
"The head of the panel, former Rep. Tillie Fowler of Florida, told present and past commanders that cadets don't trust them."
"We believe KBR delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms, Halliburton spokeswoman Wendy Hall said."
"Most of their features were similar to those of early humans whose fossils have been found at sites in Africa, the Middle East, and later in Europe."
"But its most popular comedy, Friends, will sign off after a two-hour finale next May."
"MedImmune Vaccines, the maker of FluMist, made between 4 million and 5 million doses this year."
"Baker called a pregame meeting, believing the the corked-bat episode had distracted the team."
"Shares of AT&T climbed 4 percent, adding to the previous day's 6 percent rise."
"Smallpox is not the only threat to the nation's health, and vaccination is not the only tool for preparedness, his introductory statement says."
"It was going to involve others, federal prosecutor Kenneth Karas said at a Jan. 30 court hearing, without further elaboration."
"In winter, Terrapin Point is transformed into a treacherous embankment of ice and snow that blankets everything -- the park, the railings, even the lampposts."
"And, of course, the FBI agent who ran him down received nothing - no ticket, no violation."""
"But to see those pages Amazon would require users to register, and it plans to limit the amount of any single book a browser can view."
"Robert Stewart, spokesman for Park Place Entertainment, the parent company for Caesars, said the Supreme Court seemed to change the rules for lawsuits."
"An artist painted a sign reading ``CAUTION Low Flying Planes'' on a building near ground zero, angering neighbors and stirring complaints."
"He failed a field sobriety test and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 – well above Tennessee's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10, the report said."
"O'Brien's attorney, Jordan Green, declined to comment."
"In an interview, Ms. Healey, who is a criminologist, said many lawmakers here and across the country shared a wariness toward capital punishment."
"Older people who eat fish at least once a week could cut their risk of Alzheimer's by more than half, a study suggests."
"PeopleSoft is equipped with an anti-takeover defence, known as a ""poison pill,"" designed to thwart undesired suitors."
"Mr Williams added that the Government had made it ""very plain"" to the US it did not support the death penalty for Hicks."
Researchers found that sea ice in the Arctic is disappearing at a rate of 9 percent each decade.
"Further testing is still under way, but at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive, the specialist said yesterday."
"He was charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to terrorists, and dealing arms without a licence."
"On Wednesday, attendees will vote on resolutions that express the Southern Baptist view on issues, but are not binding on individual churches."
"A nationally board-certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley makes $65,000 in his 30th year."
"The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 18.06, or 0.2 per cent, at 9266.51."
Lara was unbeaten on 93 when the torrential rain stopped play with Marlon Samuels on five.
"The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7, bouncing back from a one-month contraction in March at 47.9."
"There's very strong interest in getting money back to the ratepayers as quickly as possible, Commissioner Susan Kennedy said."
"I don't even worry about that anymore, the 38-year-old center fielder said."
"Basically, the plaintiffs did not show that omissions in Merrill's research caused the claimed losses."
"It is a benign web where we hope to catch investors and where each of us can advance our enlightened self-interest through cooperation with others,' said Mr Goh."
"At the very long end, the 30-year bond US30YT=RR lost 2/32 for a yield of 4.41 percent."
"Harris and Klebold killed 12 students, a teacher and themselves at the school."
The FTC asked the court Wednesday to block the ruling and filed for an appeal.
Writing safe programs that demonstrate an infection vector is adequate without building in the reproductive sequences.
The production index rose to 52.9 percent from 51.5 percent in May.
The judge had told the state Department of Mental Health to find supervised housing and treatment for DeVries somewhere in California.
"Since 2001, the agency has closed bookstores in San Francisco, Boston, Philadelphia, Chicago, Birmingham, Ala., Cleveland, Columbus, Ohio, and Washington."
"Microsoft Corp. is preparing changes to its Internet Explorer (IE) browser because of a patent verdict against it, the company said Friday."
"SACRAMENTO A nationally known itinerant computer hacker faces a federal arrest warrant on a sealed federal complaint in New York, a federal defender in California said Friday."
"In response, Medina issued the following statement: ""The accusation that I misappropriated money from Jennifer Lopez is both untrue and offensive."
"U.S. corporate bond yield spreads ended mostly tighter amid slumping Treasuries on Tuesday, while bonds of tobacco firms widened significantly after an adverse legal ruling on Philip Morris USA."
"The group will be headed by John S. Wolf, an assistant secretary of state who has served in Australia, Vietnam, Greece and Pakistan."
"In a statement, Heyer said, ""Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world's largest and most familiar brands."
"He added that the decision will ""throw a monkey wrench into the FCC's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy."""
Instead he left the courtroom a free man after authorities dismissed criminal charges.
"I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill, Frist, R-Tenn., said Thursday."
"Under the law, telemarketers who call numbers on the list can be fined up to $11,000 for each violation."
"We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of ... Sept. 11th."
"Strong Financial released a statement Wednesday night: ""We are in the process of a thorough internal review."
"The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said that two Iraqis and two Saudis detained after the attack gave information leading to the arrest of the others."
"We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight, Daschle of South Dakota wrote the Republican president."
"Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst suggested a political motive for the report, saying: ""It sounds like the Republican primary started early this year."""
"Once identified, terrorist remains are immediately removed from the so-called memorial park, a temporary refrigerated storage facility on Manhattan where the unidentified remains are stored."
"Among other things, Microsoft is to comment on proposed remedies in its response."
"The Bank of England ""requires growth from elsewhere in the economy and needs the economy to rebalance,"" he told the Press Association news agency."
The product also streams Internet radio and comes with a 30-day free trial for RealNetworks' Rhapsody digital music subscription service.
The FBI is trying to determine when White House officials and members of the vice president's staff focused on Wilson and learned about his wife's employment.
"Jordan Green, O'Brien's private attorney, said he had no comment."
"Brigitte's maternal aunt said his family was unaware he had been sent to prison, or that he had remarried in Sydney."
"McKevitt is a terrorist, a man who has the blood of innocent people on his hands."""
Microsoft said Tuesday it intends to acquire the intellectual property and technology assets of Romanian antivirus firm GeCAD Software Srl.
"It was still not known exactly how many people were on the plane, which could carry 141 passengers and crew."
"And tuition at two-year community colleges jumps $300, or 12 percent, to $2,800."
AT&T has 30 days to respond to the charges before the F.C.C. issues a final order.
"About 200 people were rescued by fishing boats or managed to reach shore, police and officials said."
"Annan warned that the dangers of extremism after September 11 should not be used as an excuse to suppress ""long-cherished"" freedoms."
An amendment to remove such protections failed by a vote of 186 to 237.
Mr. Turner transferred about 10 million shares to a charitable trust before they were sold.
Fewer than a dozen FBI agents will be sent to Iraq to secure and analyze evidence of the bombing.
A race observer sits in the passenger seat of the follow vehicle to record any broken rules and also keep track of the car's time.
"The skull is then punctured and the brain suctioned out, causing the skull to collapse and easing passage through the birth canal."
"In CNN's latest move to rejuvenate ratings, the network has ousted Teya Ryan, general manager of U.S. programming."
"The Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 10.89, or 1.2 percent, to 931.12 as of 12:01 p.m. in New York."
"Years later, Cuba refused permission for her to attend her father's funeral."
"The fire is going to have great potential to get in there tomorrow, he said."
Dos Reis had earlier pleaded guilty to federal charges that he crossed state lines to have sex with Christina and one other girl in a separate incident.
The fight over online music sales was disclosed in documents made available Monday by the court.
"Hines died yesterday in Los Angeles of cancer, publicist Allen Eichorn said."
"Adolescent specialist Dr. Michael Cohen, who worked on the study, said doctors had treated 8-year-old children with anorexia _ and that he had once treated a 4-year-old boy."
"Shares of Hartford were up $2.28, or 5.2 percent, to $45.90 in midday trading."
"The memo analyzed lawful activities like recruiting demonstrators, as well as illegal activities like using fake documentation to get into a secured site."
"Although some firms show BPO savings, vendors overstate their current offerings, McCarthy said in a statement."
"The single currency rose as far as 135.26 yen , its highest level since the introduction of the single currency in January 1999."
Florida’s Third District Court of Appeal said on Wednesday the original proceedings were “irretrievably tainted” by misconduct by attorneys for the class.
The company said it would renew its guidance for 2003 when it announces its second quarter results in mid-July.
"That fire devastated the reservation, a nearby national forest and several communities, burning 469,000 acres and destroying 491 homes."
"Bashir also felt he was being tried by opinion rather than facts of law, he added."
"Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was coming home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania."
But stocks have roared higher in the past 3-1/2 months amid hopes for an economic rebound.
"Another piece of the suit will be sent to Virginia for more testing, Conte said."
Both markets rallied last week on bets the Fed will lower rates at its next meeting June 24 and 25.
Professor Moffitt said the results needed to be replicated before pursuing testing of individuals for the presence of the long or short versions of the gene.
"Deposit and loan growth, strong investment banking and trading results and strong growth in mortgage and card revenues drove this quarter's results."
"Elsewhere, European stocks slipped from their highs but stayed within a few points of year highs."
Company spokesman Jack Ferry said a search is ongoing but declined comment on its status.
The first products will likely be dongles costing $100 to $150 that will establish connections between consumer electronics devices and PCs.
"We will accede to the request while we explore all of our options,"" said Russell Lewis, executive vice president of VeriSign's Naming and Directory Services Group."
"The Sonoma was later found near the Tacoma Cemetery, south of the Tacoma Mall."
"Axelrod died of heart failure while asleep at his Los Angeles home, said his daughter, Nina Axelrod."
"The contact between the delegations ended a diplomatic drought between the two nations, at odds over the nuclear program and U.S. demands that it cease immediately."
"State wildlife officials have concluded that the Florida-grown fluorescent zebra fish poses no danger, and they have recommended that it be exempted from the state's ban."
"The seizure took place at 4 a.m. on March 18, just hours before the first American air assault."
"I love the Catholic Church with all my heart, mind, soul and strength, he said."
"That sounds more like Stonewall Jackson than Reverend (Jesse) Jackson, he retorted."
Marshall demonstrated his preference for results over rhetoric in preparing the Civil Rights Act that was passed in November 1964.
Economists said those concerns raised the odds that the Fed might reduce rates at its next meeting on June 24-25.
"The most common side effects after getting the nasal spray were nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough."
Clayton Homes' stock ceased trading on the New York Stock Exchange after Wednesday's close.
"This is the time we priests need to be renewing our pledge to celibacy, not questioning it, he wrote."
"O'Connor wrote, ""We expect that 25 years from now, the use of racial preferences will no longer be necessary."""
"Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chip-set."""
"After that, he plans to have dinner at Camp Bondsteel with U.S. troops stationed there."
"A charter plane crashed in Turkey on Monday, killing all 75 people aboard, including 62 Spanish peacekeepers returning from Afghanistan, officials said."
"Sutherland, 65, was a co-founder of Evans & Sutherland, an early maker of high-performance computers."
Lawyers for the telemarketers said there was no logical connection between the registry's limited scope and advancing that interest.
"Oracle managers also indicated PeopleSoft's roughly 8,000 workers could expect mass layoffs, though they did not get into specifics."
But labor leaders say it is often hard for these people to join a union because many employers aggressively fight organizing efforts.
"Also today, a bomb explosion in a Baghdad traffic tunnel killed one civilian and wounded two others, Iraqi police said."
"But Peterson added, I dont know anybody in the conference committee whos fighting to keep it out completely."
"Levant's other credits include ""The Flintstones,"" ""Jingle All the Way"" and ""Beethoven."""
The men will appear in Brisbane Magistrates Court on Monday.
"Many compensation experts had predicted that Carty would get a generous severance package because his voluntary resignation helped preserve the concessions, the Fort Worth Star-Telegram reported."
"Japan's Tohoku Electric Power Co Inc said an 825,000-kilowatt (kW) nuclear reactor, the Onagawa No.3 unit in northern Japan, automatically shut down due to the quake."
"We have declared war on sexual assault and sexual harassment,"" Rosa said."
"Medicaid, which receives federal and state funding, is the government health-insurance program for the poor."
SCO says it has signed the first enterprise customer to its controversial Intellectual Property Compliance License.
"Civil liberties groups filed suit, and U.S. District Judge Myron Thompson ordered the monument moved last October, calling it an unconstitutional promotion of religion by government."
"After more than two years in detention by the State Security Bureau, the four were found guilty last Wednesday of subversion."
"Police said on Monday they believed Cruz knew of the fourth-grade girl through one of her former schoolmates, although neither the girl nor her family knew him."
Changes in air pollution rules would be up to the Environmental Protection Agency.
The fight over online music sales was disclosed in documents made available Monday by the court.
"Designed to compete with Microsoft Corp., Project Mad Hatter is being positioned by Sun as a cheaper, secure alternative desktop operating system to Microsoft's various desktop offerings."
Peterson was almost eight months pregnant when she was reported missing.
"And when butterflies were exposed to constant light, they flew directly toward the sun, apparently having lost their sense of time."
"Missouri kicked Ricky Clemons off its team, ending his troubled career there."
"A 32-year-old mother of two is suspected of drowning her children in a bathtub before slashing her wrists in an unsuccessful suicide attempt, police said."
"Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp. and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales below Wall Street's modest expectations."
"The governor said the use of the credit card was a mistake, and has since reimbursed the party for the expense."
"Bare Metal Restore 4.6 will be available in mid-June, said Veritas, and will cost $900 per Windows client and $1,000 per Unix client."
"But for a meaningful dialogue to begin, cross-border terrorism should end and its infrastructure should be dismantled."
Mutinous troops who seized a Manila shopping and apartment complex demanding the government resign ended a 19-hour standoff late Sunday and returned to barracks without a shot fired.
"Dell's Personal All-in-One A920 is an entry-level device that combines printer, scanner and copier functions for $89."
"Only one of the five buildings in the compound in Baghdad run by the UN Development Program, escaped being burned, the UN said on its Web site."
"She started beating me with her hands about the head until I ran into the other room, Mr Gest says of one incident."
Hussein loyalists have been blamed for sabotaging the nation's infrastructure and attacking US soldiers.
"Referring to him as only ""the witness"", Amrozi accused his brother of deliberately distorting his evidence."
"That second dossier, passed to journalists on Mr Blair's trip to Washington to discuss war plans, said it drew upon ""a number of sources, including intelligence material""."
"Today we are trying to pull the pig away from the trough, Mr. Harrigan said."
A separate case seeking to renegotiate contracts was filed by Sierra Pacific Resources SRP.N utility Nevada Power Co. and two municipal utilities.
A downturn in services activity in March was the only break in what has been broad growth in services for the past 15 months.
"The previous biggest R rated opening was ""Hannibal's"" $58 million."
"It's almost as if they (Russians) hit an x-mark on the ground."""
"After he was led into the execution chamber and strapped to a gurney, Swisher raised his head and appeared to smile as the prison chaplain spoke in his ear."
Some Boston bar managers said they worry that banning smoking will create a hazard as groups of smokers huddle outside on sidewalks and in parking lots to smoke.
"Intel spokesman Daniel Francisco said the company ""is looking into the problem"" identified by Nortel, but he declined to provide any details."
"NCSD's chief will be Robert Liscouski, the assistant secretary of Homeland Security for Infrastructure Protection."
"A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley, in his 30th year teaching, makes $65,000."
"We believe the long-term prospects for the energy sector in the UK remain attractive, Goldman said."
RIM must either pay NTP the $53.7 million or post a bond with the court pending the appeal.
There were 659 women enrolled at the academy at the time of the survey.
"After talks, Russian and Saudi energy ministers signed a five-year agreement on cooperation in the oil and gas industry."
"On Monday, Christian Ganczarski was apprehended at the airport and was to appear before an anti-terrorism judge in the coming days, the officials said on condition of anonymity."
"Fires in Spain's Extramadura region bordering Portugal, and Avila province forced hundreds of people to leave their homes."
"The United Nations has about 700 troops on the ground, but they have neither the mandate nor the manpower to stop the fighting."
"With the Fourth of July weekend approaching, state parks such as Parvin State Park in Salem County will be open."
Durst's attorneys contend their client accidentally shot Black in the face as they struggled for a gun after Black illegally entered his apartment.
Noteworthy: Cabrera became the second-youngest player to debut for the Marlins -- 20 years and 63 days.
Agriculture Secretary Luis Lorenzo said there was no damage to the vital rice crop as the harvest had ended.
"Voyager 1 was launched on September 5, 1977, 16 days after its companion, Voyager 2."
"For one thing, it says, 'Come on, it's working,'  Don Marti, editor in chief of the Linux Journal told the New York Post. """
"SARS has also taken a toll on Taiwan's economy, hammering consumer spending, with shops, restaurants and airports empty while people stay at home."
He has credited Dr. Evans with helping to inspire the idea of federal financing for faith-based programs.
Details of the research will appear in a future issue of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents, Mrs Clinton writes."
The concrete barriers (between lanes) were being tossed around like feathers.
"Jews, Americans and their allies had ""evil"" plans to colonise nations like Indonesia, Amrozi said."
"Mrs. Boncyk's husband, Wayne, had taken the family's only car to work, so she and the children had to catch a ride with neighbors."
"AOL Communicator can consolidate e-mail from multiple AOL screen names, as well as from other POP and IMAP-based e-mail accounts."
"The Russell 2000 index, which tracks smaller company stocks, fell 1.40, or 0.3 percent, to 408.83."
"The Hulk took in $62.6 million at the box office, a monster opening and a new June record."
"Tickets, available through Ticketmaster, went on sale yesterday."
Mr Goh said that it was 'especially important given the Sars situation in Singapore'.
"Those with a BMI of 50 or greater, sometimes called super obesity, increased by a factor of five, from one in 2,000 to one in 400."
"Cintas is battling efforts to unionize 17,000 of its workers and labor's demands to let its workers organize by signing cards, rather than by a lengthy election process."
I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one to take a stance against terrorism. 
"Canada will not consider sending more troops to Afghanistan until its current 12-month peacekeeping mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said Saturday."
"These documents are indecipherable to me, the lawyers said, ""and the fact is that this investigation has led nowhere."""
Parson faces one federal count of intentionally causing damage to a protected computer.
"The (drug) benefit is equal for everyone, both in traditional Medicare and in the enhanced Medicare we're setting up, Grassley said."
"Saturday, officials in California described Gehring as cooperative — but said he has revealed nothing about what has happened to the children."
"Before confirming a diagnosis of cancer, a positive PSA test must be followed up with a biopsy or other procedures."
Recall sponsors say they have submitted 1.6 million signatures.
The judge scheduled another oversight hearing for late January.
"A law enforcement source in Palm Beach County, where Limbaugh owns a $24 million oceanfront mansion, said last week that Limbaugh's drug use is still under investigation."
"Cadbury Schweppes has unveiled plans to slash 5,500 jobs and 20 percent of its factories over four years to cut costs brought about by an acquisition spree."
"In the first quarter of this year, weekly earnings adjusted for inflation fell 1.5 percent - the biggest drop in more than a decade."
The findings are published in today's edition of the journal Nature Medicine.
The dispute has led Ukrainian president Leonid Kuchma to cut short a state visit to Latin America.
Other recommendations included the creation of regional ocean ecosystem councils and a national system to fully protect marine reserves.
He ordered him sent to the Larned State Security Hospital for continued evaluation and treatment.
Mascia-Frye oversees European operations for the West Virginia Development Office.
The Texas congressional delegation now is 17-15 Democratic.
"Cindy Cohn, legal director for the Electronic Frontier Foundation, said Monday that section 512 hands too much power to copyright holders."
"The Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member Communion."
Eustachy disclosed this week that he is an alcoholic and is seeking treatment.
Analysts were expecting a profit of 30 cents a share for the third quarter and $1.31 a share for the full year.
Police said three of them had also been detained last week and held for two days as suspects over recent bomb attacks.
"However, the Israeli government argues that changes in Israel’s state-controlled economy are necessary if the state is to compete in the global marketplace."
In a Bush hypothetical matchup with a generic Democrat; the president prevailed 43 to 38 percent.
"The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday, when Donaldson will be questioned about hedge and mutual funds."
Arifin has disclosed . . . that he is involved with a group of like-minded individuals in planning terrorist attacks against certain targets in Thailand.
Ten police officers were facing disciplinary action today after they abandoned their street patrol to go and watch the American illusionist David Blaine.
Looking ahead the company confirmed its forecast of 10 per cent internal sales growth in 2003 and 2004.
"Matrix Reloaded opened in limited previews Wednesday night, and its total for all five days was estimated at $135.8 million."
"Shortly after his arrest, detectives told Deasean's father, Stelly Chisolm, a college student, and mother, Kimberly Hill, a medical assistant, about the development."
Schneiderman said the price would reflect the agency's legitimate financial status as well as riders' concerns about having to pay 33 percent more at the turnstile in a recession.
"Soros criticised Snow's policy shift as a ""mistake""."
"In a statement, the ECB said the outlook for price stability over the medium term had ""improved significantly"" since its last decision to lower interest rates in March."
"At home, the premier has faced accusations that he overplayed intelligence about weapons of mass destruction to make the case for war."
Ohio Rep. Dennis Kucinich passed $1 million last week and was still counting money.
The move came as police continued to question a suspected potential suicide bomber arrested in the southwestern town of Gloucester last Thursday.
"LeapFrog Enterprises' LF.N LeapPad books, Hasbro Inc.'s HAS.N Beyblade starter set, and MGA Entertainment's Bratz doll line all were stealing market share, he said."
"Kentucky: Republican Ernie Fletcher, a three-term House member, is battling Democratic state Attorney General Ben Chandler."
"US officials said downward ""rotor wash"" generated by the hovering helicopter stripped the flag from the tower."
Girolami ordered the records conditionally sealed May 15 at the request of prosecution and defense attorneys.
"The µGuru microcontroller serves four functions: hardware monitoring, overclocking management, BIOS update and a troubleshooting-assistance feature called Black Box."
General Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force aboard the command ship Mount Whitney.
"The WHO said in a report on Wednesday that most resistant bacteria growth among humans was not due to farmers, but to overuse of antibiotics by doctors."
Investors kept in mind Tuesday's warning from Japan's top financial diplomat Zembei Mizoguchi that Japan would act to prevent excessive swings in currency rates.
European Central Bank President Wim Duisenberg said in a televised interview that it was too soon to discuss further interest rate cuts in the euro zone.
The value of BP's investment has risen since the deal was announced in February.
"But if their circulatory systems are not properly separated, it could kill them, doctors say."
"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilization, Mr. Powell said in a speech to fellow NATO ministers."
"They are located in Grande Cache, Alta., Carrot River, Sask., Chapleau, Ont., and Aberdeen, Wash."
"Revenue rose 26 percent, to $817 million, the company, based in South San Francisco, Calif., said."
The cradle for the h2200 has space for recharging a second battery.
"The Nasdaq composite held on to the slimmest of gains, up 4.64 at 1,735.34."
Prosecutors said they did not know what crimes to charge the men with because U.S. officials refused to share information with them.
"Coca-Cola's shares were steady in late morning trading in New York, down just 13 cents to $43.88."
"Huweirini, who has worked closely with U.S. officials, was wounded in an attack Dec. 4, the U.S. officials said."
She was the only woman employed as a warehouse worker and heavy equipment operator and the only woman in her Teamsters local.
All the fund companies have said they are cooperating with Spitzer's probe.
She started taking supplements two years ago - partly to stave off mild dementia that affects her elderly parents.
"Five alternate jurors also were selected, with a sixth alternate to be picked on Friday."
"GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. >> Annika Sorenstam and Michelle Wie drew the crowds, but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory."
Market research firm Dell'Oro Group estimates that the Gigabit Ethernet switch market will total about US$12 billion in 2004.
The 5 a.m. blast occurred in the city's Al Bayaa district.
"On May 22, 2002, the first of Levy's weathered bones were found in Washington's Rock Creek Park."
Oracle's $19.50-a-share bid comes two days after PeopleSoft added cash to its original all-share deal with smaller rival J.D. Edwards & Co. JDEC.O .
"In 1995, Schwarzenegger expanded the program nationwide to 15 cities, serving 200,000 children, most of whom come from housing projects or homeless shelters."
The promises of lawsuits came within four days of the crash and before the National Transportation Safety Board had finished the investigation.
The case marks the court's second major separation of church and state case in two years.
"Global Crossing wants documents related to the regulatory-approval process and information on XO Chief Executive Carl J. Grivner, who used to be Global Crossing&apos;s chief operating officer."
"The OpForce product currently works with Solaris, AIX, Red Hat Linux and Windows servers."
"The risk of inflation becoming undesirably low remains the predominant concern for the foreseeable future, the policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee said."
"I go to their website and start complaining to them, would you please, please, please stop bothering me, Mr. Booher told a reporter."
"After all, China isn’t racing anyone…so there’s no great rush,” Clark said."
"Unifi official Rob O'Neill said: ""The gloves are off."
"Ryan Harvey, a high school outfielder from Florida, was chosen sixth by the Cubs."
"GM is also expected to issue $3.5 billion via a convertible bond offering, market sources said."
The company is also testing its cancer drug Rituxan for use by rheumatoid arthritis patients.
"Roberts said he didn't think excess inventory showed up in Avery's March quarter, although it could explain the drop and quick recovery in sales during the current quarter."
"Prosecutors have declined to take criminal action against corrections officers, although Fine said his inquiry was not finished."
"Landing on an aircraft carrier doesn't make up for the loss of 2.7 million jobs in America, Kerry said."
"The incubation period in cattle is four to five years, said Dr. Stephen Sundlof of the Food and Drug Administration (news - web sites)."
"Meanwhile, Funny Cide's trainer, Barclay Tagg, called the allegations ""ridiculous."""
"The main psychologist in the Rodriguez case, Dwight Close, referred questions to an agency spokeswoman, who didn't immediately return a call."
"We are confident that the new leadership in Boston will be willing to take responsibility for the past actions of the archdiocese,' said Lincoln. "
"Its shares fell 4.6 percent, or $4.04, to $83.38 and was the blue-chip Dow's biggest percent loser."
"Moose's book goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the sniper shootings started in the Washington area."
"According to the State Department list, about 25 nations have signed bilateral agreements in the past four months, about half in the past three weeks."
"Bloom and his colleagues had previously shown that the hormone, PYY3-36, could curb the appetites of lean people."
He was arrested less than 1km from where he allegedly kidnapped Jennette Tamayo after beating her mother and brother.
They were remanded in custody and will appear in court again on July 8.
"In Nairobi, the provost of All Saints Cathedral, the Very Reverend Peter Karanja, said the US Episcopal Church was alienating itself from the Anglican Communion."
The Federal Open Market Committee will end its two-day policy-setting meeting and announce its decision on Wednesday.
"The number of Americans considered extremely obese, or at least 100 pounds overweight, has quadrupled since the 1980s to a startling 4 million, the research shows."
"Schwarzenegger has admitted to occasionally living the life of a playboy: smoking pot, chasing women and living fast and loose."
But last week the executive committee of the board of trustees gave him a vote of no confidence.
Microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message.
"Earlier this year, the company said it would restate its 2000, 2001 and 2002 financial results."
The findings appear in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association.
"She said no company official had received ""an individual target letter at this time."""
"Cargo carriers World Airways Inc. and North American Airlines Inc. have also applied for permission to fly to Baghdad, Mosley said."
"Handspring employees are expected to move to Palm Solutions Group headquarters in Milpitas, Calif."
North Shore-Long Island Jewish Health System announced plans for a tissue bank earlier this month.
"In dissent, Judge Gerald W. Heaney said the authorities should have allowed Mr. Singleton to be medicated without the consequence of execution."
Their father had pleaded with doctors to abandon their efforst after his wife's euthanasia bid left their son in a coma and he was put on life support.
"Started on Christmas Day in 1931 with Humperdinck's ""Hansel and Gretel,"" the Met matinee broadcasts have introduced opera to millions of people around the world."
"Details on pricing will be announced within a few weeks, McBride said."
""
"Besides Japan he will visit the Philippines, Thailand, Singapore, Indonesia and Australia before returning home on Oct. 24."
There are more people surrounding the clubhouse than surrounded the Unabomber's home in the hills.
"But at the age of 15, she weighed a whopping 117kg and came to a difficult decision: it was time to try surgery."
Parents received letters informing them of the possible contamination yesterday.
"The head of the intelligence service under Mr. Fujimori, Vladimiro Montesinos, was accused of tortures and disappearances."
"Voters in Cleveland Heights, Ohio, were asked to decide whether to allow same-sex couples - and also unmarried heterosexual couples - to officially register as domestic partners."
"As of yesterday, the total number of National Guard and Reserve troops called to duty worldwide stood at 154,603."
"We are very pleased that the court dismissed the vast majority of the plaintiff's claims, said Coke spokesman Ben Deutsch."
"You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life, Limbaugh said during a stunning admission aired nationwide."
The vulnerability exists in the way Microsoft's Visual Basic for Applications checks document properties passed to it when a document is opened.
"Americans just want to be liked, she said, but there also is a ""huge cost"" when world opinion is negative toward the United States."
Also at increased risk are those with suppressed immune systems due to illness or medicines.
"The House voted 256-170 on Tuesday to approve the bill sponsored by Rep. Scott McInnis, R-Colo."
Trouble flared when at least four North Korean reporters rushed from the Taegu media centre to confront a dozen activists protesting against human rights abuses in the North.
Recall proponents say they have turned in nearly twice the number of necessary signatures.
Two brothers who were among seven people accused of aiding terrorists pleaded guilty yesterday to charges of conspiring to help Al Qaeda and the Taliban during the war in Afghanistan.
Music mogul Simon Cowell's new TV dating show has made its debut in the US.
"The bolt catcher is not as robust as it should be, said retired Navy Admiral Harold W. Gehman Jr., the board chairman."
"The officers -- Kenneth Boss, Sean Carroll, Edward McMellon and Richard Murphy -- were acquitted in 2000 of state murder charges."
"Mayor Bloomberg said the ""behavior of the people in question was a disgrace and totally inappropriate for city employees."""
"Physicians who perform the procedure would face up to two years in prison, under the bill."
"In fact, said John Logsdon, a board member and George Washington University expert on space policy, ""human spaceflight had become a place where dissent was not welcome."""
The move came just hours after the company's Chief Executive Officer Phil Condit resigned.
The attack took place under cover of fog at the Erez crossing on the border between Israel and the Gaza Strip.
Shares of Allergan were up 14 cents at $78.40 in late trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
"The most recent addition to the list, which to date includes 125 names, is Zelimkhan Yandarbiev, the former president of Chechnya."
"Mr Blair became Labour leader in 1994 after the then leader, John Smith, died of a heart attack."
"On Wednesday, at 7.51pm, Mars will be the closest to Earth it has been for 59,619 years."
"His movies include ""Malcolm X,"" ""Summer of Sam,"" ""Jungle Fever"" and ""Do the Right Thing."""
"Hewlett-Packard Co. (nyse: HPQ - news - people), the No. 2 computer maker, rose 41 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $17.29."
"Nearly all of Ford's second-quarter profit came from its Ford Credit finance arm, which earned $401 million, up 21.5 percent from a year earlier."
Lee said he reached Scott on his cell phone and they talked for a couple minutes between noon and 2 p.m. on Dec. 24.
"This will be a marathon, not a sprint, said Jimmy D. Staton, senior vice president of operations at Dominion Virginia Power."
"The tour will stop in 103 cities before rallying in Washington on Oct. 1 and 2, and New York on Oct. 3 and 4."
Ms. Johnson's site is www.katyjohnson .com. Mr. Max's is www.tuckermax.com.
"While news on consumer confidence rising is welcomed, it is not a factor in determining gross domestic product whereas new home sales do."
"The dollar gained against the euro, yen and Swiss franc after September U.S. retail sales figures came in slightly weaker than consensus forecasts."
"Microsoft has released a critical update for its newly released office suite, Office 2003."
"The combined company's commercial lines and personal lines business will be consolidated under the Travelers brand and based in Hartford, Connecticut."
"As executive vice president of new ventures, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, EMC's president and chief executive."
"In math, 16 percent of elementary and middle school students and 9.6 percent of high school students must be proficient."
"They also said the rule will improve the reliability of the nation's electrical system, which is needed after last week's massive power blackout."
The Williams-Mauresmo winner will play the winner of the match between Justine Henin-Hardenne and Chanda Rubin.
"At one point in the chain, a wholesaler would sell the questionable drugs to one of three huge national companies that supply virtually all drugs in this country."
"In late morning trading, Coke shares were down 2 cents at $43.99 on the New York Stock Exchange."
"They underwent more tests over the weekend, and are now warded at Raffles Hospital."
"Georgia Bureau of Investigation spokesman John Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was ""very methodical."""
"The Mets took Lastings Milledge, an outfielder from Florida, with the 12th pick."
"Still, bond bulls can take comfort in the fact the Fed has done nothing to dispel market expectations of an easing, either in speeches or through the press."
"The products are priced at $575 and $295 in quantities of 10,000."
"Based on the history and success of The Winston in Charlotte, I believe there's no place but Lowe's Motor Speedway that can do it justice."
Half the women received a daily tablet of the combination oestrogen plus progestin while the rest were given a placebo.
"But Vincent Weafer, security director with Symantec Security Response, said all the virus did was visit a pornography site."
"Prime Minister Abbas, we are facing a new opportunity today, a better future for both peoples, Mr Sharon said."
A public comment period on the proposed new taxes will end on Monday.
"It canceled its third-quarter earnings announcement, which had been scheduled for this morning."
"Normally, redistricting is done every 10 years based on population changes in the census."
"In response to sluggish sales, Cisco pared spending."
"Microsoft also said it will tie stock awards for 600 or so executives to the growth and ""satisfaction"" in its customer base."
"Revelations of the expenditures shocked some employees at Delta, an airline that has posted huge losses and cut jobs as it struggles with increased security costs and fewer passengers."
The newspaper Okaz reported that the six suspects arrested Sunday fled the raid in a car that broke down on the outskirts of Mecca.
"He worked out how to get through the bone with his ``multi-tool''-type knife, made duller by futile attempts to chip away at the rock."
The judge planned to have the anonymous jurors driven back and forth to court in vans with tinted windows to protect their identities.
"Seven Democratic presidential candidates have arranged to address the group, according to The Associated Press."
"The hospital has been guarded by more than a dozen undercover police and military intelligence officers, said officials."
The sick children have been staying home and Althardt said there was no indication any had needed to be hospitalized.
"Still, officials said it will take several more months of testing to determine whether the anthrax spores have been successfully killed."
"I fear on this occasion what happened is that those bits of the alphabet that supported the case were selected, he said."
"The heatwave was due to a mass of hot, dry air from the southeast, said Mario Almeida of Portugal's weather service."
James Brolin and Judy Davis play Ronald and Nancy Reagan in the CBS film.
"I've stopped looters, run political parties out of abandoned buildings, caught people with large amounts of cash and weapons, said U.S. Army 2nd Lt. Cody Williams."
"East Africa has been an area of terrorist threats and indeed terrorist attacks in the past, said State Department spokesman Philip Reeker."
The deep-sea adventure netted the top spot at the box office Sunday with an estimated $70.6 million US opening weekend.
"Intelligence officials told key senators a week ago to expect a terrorist attack in Saudi Arabia, Sen. Pat Roberts (R-Kan.) said yesterday."
Aides to the general said Mr. Segal's arrival could have been the source of friction with Mr. Fowler.
But the plan was abandoned as some in the group were uncomfortable the victims would be schoolchildren.
Material from the Associated Press supplemented this report.
The Air Force inspector general and the Pentagon also are investigating.
But the United States' ultimate goal was not just to topple Mr. Hussein but to stabilize the country and install a friendly government.
"The MTA argued it needed to raise fares to close a two-year deficit it estimated, at different times, to be $952 million or $2.8 billion."
"He ran last year for the Democratic nomination for Texas governor, but lost the primary to multimillionaire Tony Sanchez."
"It was announced on Friday that Goodrem had been diagnosed with Hodgkin's disease, a form of cancer which affects the lymph nodes."
"Maximum sustained winds were around 40 mph, with stronger gusts."
The fresh air is going down fast! she screamed at Murray.
"He told the Register: ""I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks."""
",That I pulled up their shirt and grabbed their breasts and stuff like that: this is not me."
"To make sure that we avoided any perception of wrongdoing, we are not comingling appropriated and nonappropriated funds [from Congress], said Faletti."
"In the first half of this year, the company lost $56.7 million."
"Barrenas's team tested the hearing of 479 men, aged 20 to 64, who were exposed to noise in their jobs."
In return we expect North Korea to give up nuclear weapons.
"This is one of the most important solutions for portable gaming,"" said Satoru Okada, general manager of Nintendo's research and engineering department."
"The Communications Workers Union, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called the executive pay package excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 annually."
"And the swagger of a president saying `bring `em on' will never bring peace,"" Kerry said."
"Earlier in the evening, the mother, whom authorities did not identify, had brought her daughter to the bank after a doctor's appointment."
"If Rosie lost more than $4.2 million in a fiscal year, O'Donnell - by contract - would have been permitted to quit."
"When we opened here, we originally planned an 18-month run as a part of a North American tour."
The picture changes slightly should New York Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton end up as the Democratic presidential candidate.
One of the features is the ability to delete data on a handheld device if a user loses or locks down the device.
"The council includes 13 Shiites, five Kurds, five Sunnis, one Christian and one Turkoman."
"Parrado remained on a Coast Guard cutter Wednesday as officials determined his status and immediate future, the Coast Guard said."
The second vulnerability is a result of IE not implementing a block on a file download dialog box.
"While JI has undoubted links with the terrorist group al-Qaeda, the report says the relationship ""may be less one of subservience . . . than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance""."
The appellate judges were in sharp disagreement when they ruled in February.
Two partners in Grant Thornton's Italian business have been arrested and are being questioned by magistrates over the collapse of the giant food group.
"For now, the company's management appears to be standing behind Stewart."
Republican officials said the advertisements were proof that Democrats were panicking about losing their stature on Medicare.
He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas.
"He added that: ""We disagree with the judge's decision on notice for Engine Company 261."""
Five-time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong is in Denver today for a meeting about surviving cancer.
The New Orders Index rose by 0.3 percentage points from 51.9 percent in May to 52.2 percent in June.
"US officials accuse regional states, particularly Syria, of not doing enough to prevent foreign fighters from entering Iraq to attack US-led coalition forces."
Gansas got more bad news yesterday from the city Department of Transportation - a hearing officer recommended that he be fired.
"Then, about two decades ago, U.S. District Court Judge Walter Rice, the Aviation Trail group and others made a decision to protect and polish what remained."
He said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being the subject of medical research.
"Colorado Attorney General Ken Salazar also filed a lawsuit Tuesday against Invesco, accusing it of violating the state's Consumer Protection Act."
"From Justin to Kelly, a romance starring ""American Idol"" winner Kelly Clarkson and runner-up Justin Guarini, bombed with just $2.9 million, opening at No. 11."
"A plane carrying 75 people, including 62 Spanish peacekeepers returning from Afghanistan, crashed in thick fog in Turkey early on Monday, killing all aboard, officials said."
"Disney spokeswoman Rena Callahan said the ""safety and enjoyment"" of its guests were the only reasons the company wanted the no-fly zones, and wants them kept in place."
"Broomhead, 34, was assigned to the 2nd Squadron, 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment."
"But he said there was a ""total fear to start with because you are completely at the mercy of the winds""."
"The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 6.48 points, or 0.66 percent, to 990.51."
"Branson said that his preference would be to operate a fully commercial service on routes to New York, Barbados and Dubai."
"Commenting on the firing today, Ms. Novikova said that there was no standard weight for ballerinas but that Ms. Volochkova ""is bigger than others."""
"They have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears, Bush said."
"No team has overcome a 3-1 deficit in the NBA Finals, and the New Jersey Nets don't want to try their luck at it."
"Chiron and Aventis Pasteur together made about 80 million doses, ordinarily enough for U.S. demand, The Associated Press reported."
"One third of high-speed trains within France will run, national railway company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer estimates."
"Italian police investigating the Prodi bomb suspect an anarchist group that claimed responsibility for Dec. 21 explosions near his house, according to Italian news agency ANSA."
The Democratic Republic of Congo's war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded together to back rebels trying to topple Kinshasa.
"Instead, they fear the conference is an attempt by corporate farming and biotech interests to push into new markets."
"Massachusetts has no state death penalty, and only once before -- in Michigan -- has the federal death penalty been given in a state without capital punishment."
"Brandy and Husband SplitR'n'b star Brandy and Robert Smith, her husband of two years have split up."
McCloskey died Sunday afternoon in his home after a year-long battle with bladder cancer.
He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas.
"No matter who becomes the sponsor for stock-car racings top series, NASCAR will need an all-star event, Wheeler said Tuesday."
"Nearly 6,000 MTA drivers and train operators then walked off the job in solidarity."
"The Columbia broke apart during descent on Feb. 1, killing all seven astronauts aboard."
McArthur told internetnews.com price declines have moderated and remained below 30 percent from the previous year for the last two quarters.
Mattel shares were down 1.5 percent in early afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
"I will pass on to him that Canada still remains a safe, secure and reliable supply of energy."
"Chinese language Web portals also support 3721 keywords, the Web site said."
The deterioration of security compounds when nearly all computers rely on a single operating system subject to the same vulnerabilities the world over.
Seven of nine Democratic candidates for president also said they would participate in the conference Monday.
"Oracle's offer undervalues the company and is not in the best interest of PeopleSoft stockholders, said PeopleSoft President and CEO Craig Conway, in the statement."
"At the end of the second quarter, Intel initially predicted sales of between $6.9 billion and $7.5 billion."
"The write-down will cut a quarter of a penny per share from second-quarter earnings, according to Coca-Cola."
"Sen. Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.), a supporter of Boxer's bill, sent a letter to President Bush on Wednesday demanding action on the legislation."
The agency said it had no plans to release the name of the teenager involved because he was a minor.
The company said it would cut the wholesale price of most top-line CDs to $9.09 from $12.02.
Apple noted that half the songs were purchased as part of albums.
Justice Minister Martin Cauchon and Prime Minister Jean Chretien both have said the government will introduce legislation to decriminalize possession of small amounts of pot.
"He and colleagues named it Colymbosathon ecplecticos, which means ""swimmer with a large penis."""
The exact number of passengers on the ferry was not known and may never be determined because ferry operators typically do not keep accurate passenger manifests.
"For customers to get the most out of the internet, several factors are crucial, Mr Danon said."
"Jane Doe, deciding to fight the subpoena, asked Verizon to withhold her name."
"Police Deputy Chief Clark Kimerer said the exercise went well, with some aspects, including the communication system between varying agencies, working better than expected."
"The Russell 2000 index, the barometer of smaller company stocks, rose 3.28, or 0.7 percent, to 494.20."
Shadrin said Khodorkovsky's aircraft was approached by officers identifying themselves as members of the FSB domestic intelligence service.
"Thousands of revellers, celebrating the decision, vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages."
The downtime is expected to take 60 million to 70 million board feet out of the companys system.
Feith said critics have misrepresented the work of the special intelligence group he set up in October 2001.
The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business to 45 percent from 23 percent.
"All four are expected to appear in court Tuesday or Wednesday, he said."
"PC-related products were the strongest sellers, with microprocessors up 5.6 percent and DRAMs up 8.2 percent, the SIA said."
One of the significant highs Beijing chalked up before APEC was Chinas first space mission on Oct 15.
IG Farben's 500 properties were valued at around 38 million euros ($43.63 million) and the firm had debts totalling some 28 million euros.
"An estimated $250,000 worth of jewelry belonging to the hip-hop performer was recovered Friday at Kennedy Airport, where it had disappeared June 20."
"While waiting for a bomb squad to arrive, the bomb exploded, killing Wells."
The network peddled drugs by forging paperwork showing prior owners of the shipments.
Wagner and Wolford both said that rescue workers were scrounging for boats to retrieve residents stranded by high water.
"Under the proposed stock for stock transaction, LendingTree shareholders will get 0.6199 shares of USAI common stock for each share of LendingTree common stock."
It called on the Commerce Department to respond within 60 days.
"The original report had concluded that ''climate change has global consequences for human health and the environment,'' according to an internal EPA memo."
"I thought it was going to be a special day, but I didn't want to get ahead of myself, she said."
"There is no indication, so far, that Gehring used his card at any motel or overnight lodging, he said."
"If those loss reductions continue, further rate reductions should be ordered, Bordelon said."
"Passengers were evacuated smoothly, although they were not told what was going on, he said."
"Kempenaers said fidelity still exists in some species, notably swans and sea birds such as the albatross that mate for life and are never unfaithful to their partners."
"At least 150 people are scheduled to testify at the hearings next week, with experts and activists lining up on both sides."
Hundreds of people have signed petitions calling for Archbishop Thomas Kelly's resignation for his handling of the crisis.
"Revenue fell to $36.9bn from $39.3bn a year ago, mainly due to lower vehicle sales."
"From Justin to Kelly, a romance starring American Idol winner Kelly Clarkson and runnerup Justin Guarini, opened at No. 11 with $2.9-million."
"Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform."
"Ciobanu could face up to 15 years in prison under a new law in Romania, according to BitDefender's Web site."
"The elder Yakou, an Iraqi native who is a legal U.S. resident, appeared before a federal magistrate Wednesday on charges of violating U.S. arms control laws."
PeopleSoft Inc.'s board of directors voted unanimously on Friday to recommend that stockholders reject Oracle's upgraded bid for a hostile takeover.
A spokesman for SCO could not be reached for comment this afternoon.
One of the employees who survived the blast and fire was hospitalized in critical condition in Fort Myers.
"He said a man in the seventh row in a ""brown suit raced past me with his hands raised in the air"" armed with sharp stakes."
A former partner of accountancy firm Ernst & Young was yesterday arrested by FBI agents in the US on charges of obstructing federal investigations.
"Revenue in the second quarter ended June 29 was $645 million, up from $600 million a year ago."
Analysts have estimated that Vivendi Uni could fetch $12 billion-$14 billion for VUE.
"The eliminations at Eddie Bauer come at all divisions and levels of the company, said Eddie Bauer spokeswoman Lisa Erickson."
"For the full year period ending June 30, 2003, high-speed lines increased by 45 percent."
"The deal creates a company with about $2.8bn in annual revenues with 13,000 employees and 11,000 customers."
"There are five ethnic Kurds, five Sunni Muslims, a Christian and a Turkoman."
"We're asphyxiating,' '' said Sam Granato, chief of the Kingsville police."
Authorities looked to the public yesterday for help in solving the deadly sniper-style shootings of three people outside Charleston-area convenience stores.
"Janet Racicot heard the thud from the kitchen, where she was getting a glass of water, she said in an interview Tuesday."
Sprint plans to move half of its 8 million local lines from hard-wired circuits to packet networks in the next six years.
"Junya Tanase, forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase, said ""I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply."""
"Sir Jeremy Greenstock, the UK's ambassador to the UN, is due to lead a week-long Security Council mission to West Africa in mid-May."
Prairie dogs are believed to have become infected in a pet shop through a Gambian rat imported from Africa.
He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Sandra Day O'Connor and Antonin Scalia.
"The president's ""advice to the House Republicans is to pass it, to send it to him, so he can sign it,"" said White House spokesman Ari Fleischer."
My view is that these Al Qaeda terrorists -- and I believe it was Al Qaeda -- would prefer to have many such events.
"Kempthorne has ''shown a distinct contempt for environmental protection,'' said Mark Longabaugh, the league's vice president for political affairs."
"Minister Saud al-Faisal's visit was disclosed by two administration officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity."
"[They] were defined by dedication and courage, said the CIA's director George Tenet."
"Drug developer Inspire Pharmaceuticals Inc. (nasdaq: ISPH - news - people) tumbled $2.17, or 13.4 percent, to $13.98."
"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats - international terrorists - this Bush administration has chosen to settle old scores, Graham said."
"As many as 1,200 students at Wheaton College will gather in the gym Friday night for the first real dance in the Christian school's 143-year history."
President Bush and top officials in his administration cited the threat from Iraq's alleged chemical and biological weapons and nuclear weapons program as the main justification for going to war.
"In crafting the tax relief packages, the president has always had both the short-term and the long-term in mind, Buchan said."
"In 2001, President Bush named her to the Student Loan Marketing Association, the largest U.S. lender for students."
There are some who feel like the conditions are such that they can attack us there.
"For the entire fiscal year, Micron lost a record $1.27 billion on sales of just under $3.1 billion."
The results ranged from 1 per cent or 2 per cent to 36 per cent for a speciality brand called American Spirit.
"Clijsters was simply too powerful for Spanish veteran Conchita Martinez, winning 6-2, 6-1."
"This is a process and there will be other opportunities for people to participate in the rebuilding of Iraq."""
It seems to me they are attempting to protect privacy of theft.
"Economic damages, such as lost wages or medical costs, wouldn't be capped under Bush's plan."
"BT said it expected the combination to reap 60,000 additional customers between September and March, 2004."
The new name will be Terrorism Information Awareness.
"Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the nation's largest private employer, will now include gays and lesbians in its anti-discrimination policy, company officials said Wednesday."
"Axcan's shares were down 3.8 percent, or 66 Canadian cents, at C$16.90 in Toronto on Tuesday."
"A base configuration with a 2.4GHz Pentium 4, 128MB of RAM, a 40GB hard drive, and a CD-ROM drive costs $699."
"It was to fly a plane in the White House."""
"We cannot, and will not, allow anything of the kind."
"There are estimated to be between 400,000 and 750,000 Iraqis employed by state-owned enterprises in Iraq, but most of the businesses are currently inoperative, he said."
"Complicating the situation, he continued, are companies, like IBM, whose support of Linux ""has added credibility and an illusion of support and accountability."""
The Connecticut Hospital Association joined the Red Cross Monday in calling for more blood donors.
"Companies are working with the FDA and academics ""to try and get some firm answers and not just speculation,"" Jarman said."
"It's probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program, but I look forward to the challenge, Parsons told reporters at NASA headquarters."
"It is reminiscent of the communication troubles that have dogged the ECB in the past, said Ken Wattret of BNP Paribas."
"As a professional, I'd like to be thought of as a storyteller."
"The virus killed 44 people in the Toronto area, including one doctor and two nurses."
"Another shooting linked to the spree occurred Nov. 11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway."
The decision is among the far-reaching deregulatory actions made during the Bush administration.
"It's clearly a tragic day for America, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said in Washington."
At least 26 American troops have been killed in hostile fire since major combat was officially declared over on May 1.
The two have no diplomatic ties and their already tense relationship has been frayed further by a diplomatic spat over North Korea's nuclear ambitions.
She suffered severe brain damage following a heart attack in 1990.
The dollar rose around 0.6 percent against the Japanese currency to 109.51 yen <JPY=> and climbed 1 percent against the Swiss franc to 1.3302 francs <CHF=>.
Fujitsu Siemens Computers on Tuesday made good on a promise to offer a workstation based on Advanced Micro Devices' Opteron processor.
"Partway across the Atlantic, ""He just heard two huge bangs and the balloon shuddered and fell,"" the balloonist's spokesperson Nicky Webster said."
"The top speed of Ethernet could hit 40G bit/sec within the next two years, a senior Cisco executive said Wednesday."
"They were not supplied or given to us, but unearthed by our reporter"" in Iraq's foreign ministry, he said."
"Still, the FBI said in the report released Monday, the number of reported rapes rose by 4 percent and the number of murders grew by 0.8 percent."
Xerox shares rose 2 cents to close at $11.45 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Team President Ken Sawyer said yesterday that Lemieux has not spoken to him about selling his interest in the Penguins or about playing for another team.
"License sales, a key measure of demand, fell 21 percent to $107.6 million."
"30 years waiting for you, read one banner hoisted over the crowd, as many concert-goers wept tears of happiness."
"The global death toll from SARS was at least 767, with more than 8,300 people sickened since the virus first appeared in southern China in November."
Some are also used to send spam e-mail messages to boost traffic to the sites.
"A Qwest spokeswoman, Kate Varden, declined to say how much in sales the company received from the United States government."
Dealers said the single currency's downward momentum against the dollar could pick up speed if it broke below $1.15.
"Waksal, who pleaded guilty to securities fraud charges, recently began serving a prison sentence of more than seven years."
"He had also said on the eve of Monday's talks that an interest rate cut by the European Central Bank, which meets on Thursday, would be welcome."
"Six were from Douglas County, which includes Roseburg, and two from the Portland area."
Only Intel Corp. has a lower dividend yield.
More than 100 officers launched the London raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine and money laundering ring.
French soldiers later threatened to open fire on a Hema battlewagon that tried to pass near the UN compound.
"Two years ago, the House passed a similar version that floundered in the Senate."
"Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing, said Robert Fraley, Monsanto's executive vice president."
Another component of the bill would require the FCC to hold at least five public hearings on future ownership rule changes before voting.
"The company estimated second-quarter revenue of $1.2 billion to $1.23 billion, up 14 percent to 16 percent from a year earlier."
"Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won for best actress in a musical."
"She said in 2003, not one American state had an obesity level less than 15 percent of the population."
Stewart waved to courtroom sketch artists seated in the jury box and took notes in a spiral-bound notebook during the hearing.
"There is a little hope invested in McNabb, and he got a lot of credit for the performance of this team that he didn't deserve."""
"Instead of Ragusa's remains, his family will bury a vial of blood he had donated to a bone marrow center."
State officials estimated the cost at nearly $2 billion.
"When a manager let him into the apartment, the youngster was lying in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and was watching a TV cartoon channel."
But a source close to the Pentagon said the Defense Department's own inspector-general had been asked to investigate how the licences were awarded.
"The tube was removed Wednesday from Terri Schiavo, 39, at the Tampa Bay-area hospice where she has lived for several years."
"Kevin Rollins, Dell's president, received $770,962 in salary and a bonus of just more than $2 million in fiscal 2003."
Kroger's Ralphs chain and Albertsons immediately locked out their grocery workers in a show of solidarity.
There is nothing that Rob Furst did that was not vetted and approved by senior individuals at Merrill.
"Mr. Nicolas is an uncle of Abner Louima, who was tortured by New York City police officers in 1997."
Foreign Minister Alexander Downer yesterday claimed the group of 14 Kurds had not asked to be considered as refugees when they arrived off Melville Island last week.
"About 70 percent of the work is already done, Mr. Tauzin said."
"It added it had ""co-operated fully"" with police since November."
The Emeryville-based toy company filed suit Friday claiming Fisher-Price is violating its 1998 patent on interactive-learning books for toddlers and preschoolers.
"The announcement was made during the recording of a Christmas concert attended by top Vatican cardinals, bishops, and many elite from Italian society, witnesses said."
"The suspects were charged with racketeering, conspiracy, organized fraud, grand theft and illegal drug sales, all felonies carrying penalties of five to 30 years in prison."
"The number of host names using BSD is nearing 4 million, whereas the number of active sites is nearly 2 million, Netcraft said."
Belcher said the airport's conference room was serving as a makeshift shelter for several area families who hiked up the wooded hillside in advance of rising water.
"The woman was exposed to the SARS virus while in the hospital but was not a health-care worker, said Dr Colin D'Cunha, Ontario's commissioner of public health."
"Palm said on Wednesday it plans to buy Handspring, a company created by renegade Palm co-founder Jeff Hawkins."
"Only two other countries, the Dominican Republic and Germany, publicly expressed reservations about the treaty, and Germany has since said it will support the pact."
Cuban officials said that last year none of about two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas in time to attend the Latin Grammys.
"In the landmark ruling regarding New York City schools, the Court of Appeals ordered the Legislature and Gov. George Pataki to fix the funding system by July 30, 2004."
"Attorney Gloria Allred, who is representing Frey, also filed documents opposing a gag order in the case."
"Yesterday, Mr. Romanow said it was an affront to democracy to not implement a council that so many Canadians support."
"Boston College, Miami and Syracuse are considering leaving the Big East for the Atlantic Coast Conference by the end of the month."
"Our decision today is quite limited, they conclude."
"The reporting services will also be rolled into Yukon as planned, sources said."
Microsoft has been awarded a patent on a popular instant-messaging feature that shows users when the person on the other end of the conversation is typing a message.
"On Thursday, a New York City judge ordered Viacom to stop using the name Spike TV pending a trial."
The document says the damage to the wing provided a pathway for hot gases to penetrate Columbia's thermal armour during its fatal re-entry.
"The Intel C++ Compiler for Platform Builder for Microsoft Windows CE.Net is available for $1,499 and is intended for use by device manufacturers and systems integrators."
"Launched from space shuttle Atlantis (news - web sites) in 1989, Galileo will have traveled about 2.8 billion miles by the time it hits Jupiter."
"Like many doctors, Mr. Thomas and Mr. Tauzin say the Bush administration has the power to correct some of those flaws."
"Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant, Wyden and Dorgan said Monday in a letter to the Pentagon."
Tuesday's decision could prove useful to the government in the war on terrorism.
"Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these (pension) payments irrespective of the circumstances in which he left the company, Mr Argus said."
"It's a recognition that we were provided faulty information, Senate Democratic Leader Tom Daschle of South Dakota told reporters."
"Two CIA operatives have been killed in an ambush in Afghanistan, the CIA said yesterday."
"Spending on research and development is expected to be $4.4 billion for the year, compared with the previous expectation of $4.3 billion."
Gehring waived extradition Monday during a hearing in Santa Clara County Superior Court in San Jose and was expected Tuesday in New Hampshire.
"He may not have been there, said a defence official speaking on condition of anonymity."
"It indicates we are starting the epidemic with more cases than last year,"" Gerberding said."
"Because the companies described the talks as exclusive, it's likely they signed an agreement saying Dynegy wouldn't talk to other suitors for a certain period."
"The huge bottom line loss stemmed from a 1.5 billion-pound asset writedown, on top of a 3.5 billion first-half charge."
"The MDC said that an opposition supporter, Tichaona Kaguru, died in hospital after being tortured and assaulted by the soldiers putting down the anti-Mugabe protests."
"For example, the Dow dropped more than 1,500 points, or 15.6 percent, from May to October 2002, largely because of terrorism fears driven by the headlines."
"State Police were investigating, Vazzi said."
The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida voted Saturday to repudiate a decision by the denomination's national convention to confirm a gay man as bishop.
"Breaux outlined a plan Tuesday that would give seniors help with the first $3,450 in prescription drug costs."
Grassley and Baucus said they had rejected that approach in their plan.
Kerry outlined last month a UN resolution authorizing a military force under US command and transferring responsibility for political and humanitarian efforts to the UN.
"Consumers who said jobs are difficult to find jumped to 32.6 from 29.4, while those saying work was plentiful slipped to 12.6 from 13 in April."
"Still, Jessica Biel (formerly of the WB’s “7th Heaven”) brings an athletic intensity to the role of Leatherface’s last elusive victim."
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately have an official response to Tuesday's ruling.
"But he urged the delegates who elected him to be ""kind and sensitive and gentle"" to believers who ""will not understand what you've done here today."""
Chief financial officer Andy Bryant has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected.
"The company added that it would reevaluate its commitment to the remaining New York show, which took place last month."
"Within WSE 2.0, WS-Trust, WS-SecureConversation build on WS-Security and define extensions to request and issue security tokens and to manage relationships and secure conversations."
"In that case, the court held that the city of Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning, in the interest of aesthetics, only the advertising pamphlets."
"James Rohr, chairman and chief executive officer, said PNC regretted the incident."
Chi-Chi's has agreed to keep the restaurant closed until Jan. 2 -- two months after it voluntarily closed when the disease was first reported.
"A rival distributor, Mike Selwyn, of United International Pictures, says he cannot detect, unlike The Matrix Revolutions, any advance scepticism."
Freddie expects Brendsel to continue serving as chair of the Freddie Mac Foundation.
"Jail warden Gene Fischi said said Selenski and Bolton broke their 12-inch-by-18-inch cell window, threw a mattress to the ground and shimmied down the rope to a second-story roof."
"In a telephone interview, Don Asper called the attack ""bothersome,"" before he and his wife contacted the firm's web site provider to have the vandalised page replaced."
"Two other bodies were recovered on Friday from a campground in nearby Devore, where a wall of mud destroyed 32 trailers."
"The suite includes a word processor, spreadsheet, presentation application (analogous to PowerPoint), and other components -- all built around the XML file format."
The health department spokesperson added the department is following Centers for Disease Control protocol.
The dollar was helped on Friday by talk of yen-selling intervention by Japanese authorities on Thursday and Friday.
The seizure of the money was confirmed by a United States Treasury official assigned to work with Iraqi financial officers here to rebuild the country's banking and financial system.
"In 2001, the number of people on death row dropped for the first time in a decade."
"Berry repeated that performance with his second wife, whom he married and divorced twice (most recently in 1991)."
After the deal SSE will sell on Midlands's power generation assets in Turkey and Pakistan to fellow UK utility International Power Plc for 21 million pounds.
"Earlier, Captain Robert Ramsey of the First Armoured Division said a truck had exploded outside the buildings at around 11am."
"They have been identified by the Tarrant County Medical Examiner's Office as Melena's brother, Angel Melena, 25, and Narcisco Del Angel Lozano, 34."
The new company will be named Interwoven and will be headquartered in Sunnyvale.
"Trailing the Londoners by eight points two months ago, United rallied from its worst league start since 1989 with an unbeaten streak starting Dec. 26."
"Around the same time, hospital officials in and near Chicago will notice a sudden increase in people complaining of flu-like symptoms."
"We're optimistic we can deliver the vaccine to these people in time to do good, said Dr. David Fleming, the CDC's deputy director for Public Health and Science."
"But quartet members are divided 3-1, the United States against the rest, on whether they should treat Arafat as the representative of the Palestinian people."
"I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks, he told The Des Moines Register."
"Some conservative groups have staunchly opposed such programs, saying they send the wrong message and in effect encourage and enable teens to have sex before marriage."
"You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life, Limbaugh said Friday on his program."
"The panel will not begin a formal investigation because the statute of limitations has expired, Plofsky said."
The bodies of 18 illegal Mexican immigrants who died from suffocation and heat exhaustion were discovered on Wednesday in a packed tractor trailer abandoned at a rest stop.
Smithfield shares rose more than 8 per cent yesterday as the company said it expected the transaction to boost earnings immediately.
"Since March 11, when the market's major indices were at their lowest levels since hitting multi-year lows in October, the tech-laden Nasdaq has climbed nearly 20 per cent."
"The decision came a year after Whipple ended federal oversight of school busing as well as the district's racial balance, facilities and budget."
The program spreads further only when a computer user selects the attached program that then secretly mails itself to e-mail addresses stored in the user's computer.
Neither said whether they would appeal the decision but others said an appeal was certain.
"Although sex crimes Det.-Sgt. Dave Perry is in command of the case, homicide Det.-Sgt. Gerry Cashman appeared last night at the Finch Ave.-Hwy. 404 area home."
"In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 121.51, or 1.4 percent, at 8,832.69."
"Another brother, Ali Imron, received a life sentence after he cooperated with the authorities and expressed remorse."
She took the highly unusual step of skipping cabinet to attend a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
"A year ago, the company posted a profit of 12 cents a share."
"The Dow Jones Industrial Average [$INDU] ended at session highs, gaining 64.64 points, or 0.7 percent, to 9,191.09."
"The lawsuit, filed after a 19-month investigation by the Employee Benefits Security Administration, names former Enron Chairman Kenneth Lay and former chief executive Jeff Skilling, among others."
"Against the Japanese currency, the euro was at 136.06 yen compared with the late New York level of 136.03/14."
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid launched a similar consumer tool for nursing homes last year.
Retailers J.C. Penney Co. Inc. JCP.N and Walgreen Co. WAG.N kick things off on Monday.
"He continued, ""although the preconditions for recovery remain in place,"" prospects for British exports were ""weaker than previously expected."""
United is working closely with the ATSB to replace those aspects of the company's original loan guarantee bid that were rejected as inadequate in December.
"A few tried to rush the podium, and at least one graduate tossed his cap and gown to the stage before leaving."
"To the frightened Burns, Richardson said, confessing a crime he did not commit looked like the only out."
"Mr. Florence died Thursday of heart failure, said the couple's lawyer, Maranda Fritz."
"Symptoms include chronic diarrhoea, abdominal pain, weight loss and extreme tiredness."
The lawsuit was filed on Friday at the US District Court for the District of Columbia.
The industry censor forbade the sexual innuendo of the play and would not allow Ewell's character to sleep with Monroe's.
"It's probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program, Mr. Parsons said at a news conference at NASA headquarters."
Viles was found dead after the three failed to respond to a routine call to return to their housing units.
"Senior vice president Sara Fields said the airline ""will work professionally and cooperatively with all our unions."""
"Tibco's chief marketing officer George Ahn said: ""Rendezvous has been a Tibco mark for many years and is one of our flagship products."
U.S. Capitol Police Chief Terrance Gainer said ``two staff members bringing in Halloween costumes'' were responsible.
"The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX shed 0.17 of a point, or just 0.02 percent, to 934."
"A Spanish tanker, Sandra Tapias, was to be loaded with another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, in the afternoon."
"State air regulators and three automakers have agreed to settle a lawsuit challenging the nation's toughest auto emissions program, according to a spokesman for California's air board."
"But he added: ""The only thing I know for certain is that these are bad people."""
"Between July 1, 2002 and June 30, 2003, the Red Cross spent $114 million on disaster relief, while taking in only $39.5 million."
"The House of Representative passed an identical amendment on Sept. 9, by a 227-188 vote."
"The victim, who was not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital where he was pronounced dead."
"The trial, which could last until early 2004, is expected to hear the first of 125 witnesses Friday."
The Democratic candidates also began announcing their fund-raising totals in advance of the deadline today to file quarterly reports with the Federal Election Commission.
Taiwan had been relatively free of the viral infection until a severe outbreak at a Taipei hospital in late April.
Scott Dixon eventually made winning the Honda Indy 225 look easy Sunday at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
His comments diluted remarks reported in an interview on Tuesday saying the ECB had not exhausted its ammunition for rate cuts.
"On Wednesday, the Marines shot an attacker near the town of Al-Kut as he tried to run over two Marines at a checkpoint."
"Congress twice passed similar bills, but then-President Clinton vetoed them both times."
Levi became known for ethical business practices.
The South Korean Agriculture and Forestry Ministry said it would scrap or return all Canadian beef in store.
"This change in attitude gave upscale purveyors including Neiman Marcus Group Inc. and Nordstrom Inc., along with some boutique retailers, strong sales gains in May."
We respectfully disagreed with Massachusetts' request for fees on the basis that they did not prevail on the vast majority of their original claims.
"A DoD team is on site to determine how this happened and what needs to be done to fix the breach, the release stated."
Commercial releases of the 2.6 kernel by major Linux distributors still remain months away.
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.
"Due to economic and creative realities, many key people will not be returning, including Dylan, Kelley said Monday."
"On Wednesday next week, Mr Bush will meet Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and new Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas in Aqaba, Jordan."
"Though the judge can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole, experts say Virginia judges rarely take that opportunity."
"Canadian investigators slaughtered more than 2,000 cows but were not able to find evidence of any other infected animals."
"Only the positive effect on the financial services industry was assured, he said."
"That victim, a New Jersey resident, was in critical but stable condition at the hospital."
"Reloaded is the second installment of a trilogy; ""The Matrix Revolutions"" is slated for debut in November."
"Identity theft cost businesses and financial institutions nearly $48 billion and consumer victims reported $5 billion in out-of-pocket expenses last year, according to the FTC."
"Mr Blix said: ""I don't know exactly how they calculated this figure of 45 minutes in the dossier."
The American Roman Catholic archdiocese of Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 sex abuse lawsuits involving priests.
"Jessica Wheat, who said she and Dusenbery were planning to marry, said Dusenbery was considering settling down in Fort Campbell and making the Army his career."
"Events on our system, in and of themselves, could not account for the widespread nature of the outage, Burg said."
"The only other JI member to reveal similar information is Omar al Faruq, now held by the United States at a secret location."
"Any payment to investors will be delayed, potentially for years, until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved."
"Including the charge, the Santa Clara, Calif.-based company said Monday it lost $1.04 billion, or 32 cents per share, in the period ending June 30."
"That ought to be the standard, not how many people actually signed up, Mr. Rule told the judge."
"We don't want to go to war with anybody . . . it's always very much a last resort, and one to be avoided.
1,3285516,3285301,"
"Dennehy’s family reported him missing June 19, about a week after he was last seen on the Baylor campus in Waco."
The deal is expected to close later this month.
"As Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but hundreds who ran the war have returned to the United States."
"The latest toll given by officials to state media was 643 dead and over 4,600 injured."
The six-member jury cleared Scruggs of a second charge that accused her of failing to provide her son with proper medical and psychological care.
Only Intel's 0.3 percent yield is lower.
"We have put a lot of energy into patching, later than we should have,"" he said."
"The numbers are starting to change very, very quickly, Dr. Julie Gerberding, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, said Thursday."
"But with the Prime Minister due to leave tomorrow, a day early, he may not be present when the final decision is made."
"Products featuring Vanderpool will be released within five years, he said."
MALAYSIA will launch a publicity campaign in local newspapers today giving its version of the water dispute with Singapore.
"The airline has the option to buy 380 more, split evenly between the two manufacturers."
"We have prevented a very large number of infections and a significant amount of clinical disease, Goodman said."
"Justice John Paul Stevens compared the interrogation to ""an attempt to obtain an involuntary confession from a prisoner by torturous methods."""
Her proposal to create a special committee to investigate Iraq intelligence failures was rejected on procedural grounds.
"It remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short- or long-lived, said James Sprayregen, UAL bankruptcy attorney, in court."
"In fact, Fatima Haque's prom had practically everything one might expect on one of the most important nights of a teenage girl's year."
Two new schemes target families of those serving in the military and e-mail users.
"The euro at the moment is at a level that better reflects the fundamentals, the ECB president said."
"And Sen. Michael Crapo, R-Idaho, chairman of the subcommittee that first will take up the nomination, is a longtime friend of Kempthorne's."
"While Montgomery was one of the first to enact such a law, it's now relatively common - even New York City bans smoking in bars."
"Seifert, he testified, had a gunshot wound in the back."
"U.S. authorities blame Osama bin Laden's al-Qaida network for the attacks, which killed 231 people, including 12 Americans."
They said they only wanted to be entertaining and win the a prize and were fired for exercising free-speech rights.
"At Northwest Medical Center of Washington County in Springdale, one child is in serious condition."
"All six of them are dead, we were told by Harold and his group, Warner said."
"We must not engage in borough warfare, the Comptroller William Thompson told the Council, according to his written testimony."
Easynews Inc. said Monday that it was cooperating with the FBI in trying to locate the person who uploaded the virus to a Usenet news group hosted by the ISP.
State GOP Chairman Kris Warner said the GOP would not shy away in 2004 from referring to Wise's problems.
President Bush on Saturday became the first American president to address a joint session of the Philippine National Congress since Dwight Eisenhower in 1960.
"In jihad, the target must be clear, meaning that we should have authentic evidence of the target that they really hate Islam,"" Imron said."
She said she didn't know yet whether she would certify the budget.
"She should be ashamed of herself for playing politics with this important issue, said state budget division spokesman Andrew Rush."
"And he justified bombing Bali by saying that while it had caused material devastation, it was for the island's long-term moral good."
He was arrested last week for allegedly punching a parking attendant outside a nightclub in LA.
"Spain, Poland, United Arab Emirates and Lithuania have advised their citizens not to travel to Taiwan for any reason."
"Peterson, 31, is now charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and their unborn son."
"A day later, Winikoff sealed the records again to give Limbaugh's attorneys time to appeal."
"The last time it had a larger one-day loss was July 1, 2002, when it shed 59.41 to close at 1,403.80."
"Intel's Xeon surpassed HP's PA-RISC to become the processor most often used, rising from 76 systems in June to 152 systems in November."
"Rich Media interactive ad formats doubled their share from 3% in second quarter of 2002, to 6% in the second quarter of 2003."
"One old woman, disconsolate with grief, smeared her face with dirt, only able to utter: ""My child, my child."""
"Of the 1.1 million infected in south Asia, 62% are female."
The Securities and Exchange Commission announced that Robert Korkuc was expected to plead guilty Thursday in federal court on Long Island to securities fraud charges.
"Some 34.7 million shares have been tendered, Oracle said in a statement."
"They went into the operation on their own free will,' Reuters quoted their father, Mr Dadollah Bijani, as saying."
He explained that he found antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 while a post-doctoral research assistant at Bristol University in Britain.
Democrats now hope to increase the value of awards proposed by Hatch and to create a mechanism to ensure the fund remains solvent.
"His sport utility vehicle was found June 25, abandoned without its license plates in Virginia Beach, Va."
One witness told the Anatolian news agency he saw the plane on fire in mid-air.
"The companies say their consumers want to enjoy their content, regardless of the source, across different devices and locations in the home."
"Brigadier General Edward Aritonang, a police spokesman, confirmed yesterday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java."
"Dwight Watson, 50, was convicted of making a false threat to detonate explosives and of destroying federal property."
About 31 percent of Americans are now obese — roughly 30 or more pounds over a healthy weight.
"However, it is not possible to say whether it may pose a cancer risk to humans."
He later found out the alarming incident had been caused by Concorde's powerful sonic boom.
"It will delay the retirement of Mr Wightwick, 62, who agreed to stay on until Buhrmann is bedded down inside PaperlinX."
"Using bookmarks and back and forth buttons -- we had about eighteen different things we had in mind for the browser."""
"As for a free trade area, the official stressed that weve got a long, long way to go, and the Pakistanis understand that."
Israeli soldiers began tearing down settlement outposts in the West Bank yesterday - an Israeli obligation under a new Mideast peace plan.
"With all precincts reporting, Fletcher had 88,747 votes, or 57 percent of the total."
The United States and Russia spent billions on a dozen or so robotic craft meant to land on Mars and radio back their findings.
"Still, the scientists said, a third of those taking it would benefit, gaining an average of 11 years free of cardiovascular disease."
Kline's legal opinion differs from the interpretation issued by former Attorney General Bob Stephan in 1992.
"The Department of Foreign Affairs yesterday updated its travel warning on Indonesia, recommending all non-essential travel be deferred because of concerns that more terrorist attacks were planned."
"We are very pleased with the judge's decision, Merrill said yesterday."
"Iran has yet to sign an additional protocol to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, which it signed in 1970, that would allow IAEA inspections at short notice."
Daniels told the Star April 20 he was holding back because of concerns over the budget process in Washington and the war in Iraq.
"Martha Stewart is being prosecuted not because of who she is but because of what she did, he said."
Vaccine makers have been thrust into the limelight as government programs encourage wider vaccination amid fears of biological attacks.
It has ordered motorists to stay off the streets and petrol stations to shut down during the strike.
"Judge Harold Baer concluded Wednesday that lawyers for two victims ""have shown, albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaida."""
"Mark Kaiser and Tim Lee, respectively US Foodservice vice-presidents for marketing and purchasing, have been dismissed."
He says the release of a tarot card left at a shooting scene may have prolonged the spree by cutting off fragile communications with the sniper.
"Geraldine Andrews, Reynolds' daughter-in-law and a friend of Wilson's family, said Robinson had recently taken Wilson out of a mental health facility."
"This action in no way reduces our commitment to the North American market or changes our long-term plan for growth,""O'Neill said."
Associated Press quotes a local policeman as saying that the British troops were targeted by townspeople angry over civilian deaths during an earlier demonstration in the town of Majar al-Kabir.
"A former FBI informant, Whitey Bulger is now on the agency's ""Ten Most Wanted"" list alongside Osama bin Laden."
The World Health Organization and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in the United States have sent a team to investigate.
"The head of the intelligence service under Mr. Fujimori, Vladimiro Montesinos, was accused of tortures and disappearances."
"In a joint statement, the companies said that as a result of the license agreement, TI will not be changing its prices."
"After serving as a marine in World War II, he began submitting articles to magazines."
"The plant would employ 1,000 people when fully built out, the company said."
"Three new dramas, including one starring The West Wing refugee Rob Lowe, will also be on the schedule, NBC announced yesterday."
"The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index (.IXIC: Quote, Profile, Research) ended off 2.96 points, or 0.15 percent, at 1,921.33."
"UAL bankruptcy attorney James Sprayregen said at a court hearing the company will submit an updated business plan to the Air Transportation Stabilization Board, but gave no timeframe."
Merrill Lynch did not admit to wrongdoing in the accord.
"He said he did not think that the Shenzhou V launch had military applications, even though the space program is developing antisatellite weapons and robotic space weapons."
The anguish could be heard in the voices of Mr Forlong's television colleagues who would speak.
"JAPAN added to growing international pressure on Burma yesterday, threatening to halt its hefty economic aid unless the military government released pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi."
"The lawsuit names Shelley, a Democrat, and registrars in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties."
Black Democratic leaders were trying to arrange a meeting with Democratic National Committee Chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs of 10 minority staffers at party headquarters.
"The battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, military officials told The Associated Press."
"The offer is also subject to Goldman signing an agreement with Drax's senior banks, senior bond holders and hedging banks by Sept. 30, it said."
"Muslim immigrants have used the networks _ which rely on wire transfers, couriers and overnight mail _ to send stashes of cash overseas to their families."
"Following their assessment, each volunteer received a squirt in the nose of rhinovirus the germ that causes colds."
Macugen dries up those blood vessels by blocking a protein in the body called vascular endothelial growth factor that promotes blood vessel growth.
"The Midwestern center will focus on diagnosis, treatment and vaccines for anthrax, botulism, tularemia, hemorrhagic fever viruses and plague."
"Under the agreement, Medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006."
Martha Stewart is not being prosecuted for who she is but for what she did.
"Since March 11, when the markets major indexes were at their lowest levels since hitting multiyear lows in October, the tech-laden Nasdaq has climbed nearly 20 percent."
"Apple Computer's new online music service sold more than 1 million songs during its first week of operation, the company said Monday."
"During her two-day visit, Rocca will not meet the rebels since the United States has banned them as a ""terrorist organisation""."
"Larger publishers such as Simon & Schuster and Random House decided not to pursue the books group, sources familiar with the situation said."
"The American Chamber of Commerce and InvestHK, which oversees investment into the territory, is talking to other bands to replace the Stones."
"Conference Board economist Ken Goldstein said the improved reading ""finally points to a recovery, almost a year and a half after the end of the recession."
"I don't see the urgency in this so I'm not going to grant it, West said."
"And now it's anything he wants to say,"" confirmed Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director Alesha Badgley."
"Goldman offered the shares for sale to institutional investors at $13.15 each, said the traders, who received calls from the securities firm's sales force."
"A major British study has added to the evidence that hormone replacement therapy increases the risk of breast cancer, especially when women receive a combination of estrogen and progestin."
"The resolution was approved with no debate by delegates, who met in San Francisco for the bar association's annual meeting."
"Barbini said the EU may reach a compromise but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry has resisted."
Only Intel Corp.'s 0.3 percent yield was lower.
"Several shots rang out Wednesday night, but no gators were killed then."
"The new effort, Taxpayers Against the Recall, will be formally launched today outside a Sacramento fire station."
"The message to the public is: If you are thinking of getting a flu shot, don't wait any longer, he said. """
"Lakhani, 68, is charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to terrorists and acting as an arms broker without a license."
"On-demand movie distribution will generate $1.4 billion by 2005, and revenue from DVDs and tapes will decline 8 percent, Forrester predicted."
"The product will be targeted at companies that need to create, publish, manage and archive web-based content within a corporate intranet, extranet and internet environment."
"The 21-year-old eagle, found by a zookeeper early Thursday, had severe puncture wounds to his abdomen and back, spokeswoman Julie Mason said."
"The U.S. Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's original application in December 2001, saying the trial had been sloppily conducted."
"The missing workers, two men and a woman, were inside the building when the first blast occurred, Mayor Joe T. Parker said."
"Sheriff's deputies found Ahmad in his truck after it crashed into a building at Lincolnshire and Williamsborough drives, just south of the Sacramento city limits along Franklin Boulevard."
"Bush is spending the weekend at his Crawford ranch, where he will play host to Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi."
He said eight or nine homes had been destroyed by the now-smoldering fire northwest of Boulder.
"Agents described Carlow, 50, as a ""major player'' who organized a network of associates operating in as many as a dozen states."
"GeCAD, founded in 1992 and based in Bucharest, provides anti-virus, anti-spam and content-filtering products under the name RAV AntiVirus."
He blamed the blast on guerillas from the Taliban regime overthrown in late 2001 and said it was possible the bomber was killed in the blast.
"If the MTA's appeal is successful, the $2 bus and subway base fare won't change."
"He added: ""No one has anything to fear from being correctly identified, but everything to fear from their identity being stolen or misused."""
"Tampering with medicine apparently was so lucrative, investigators said, that many of the suspects lived in million-dollar homes."
"The Virginia attorney-general, Jerry Kilgore, accused the Supreme Court of undermining ""Virginia's right to pass legislation that reflects the views and values of our citizens""."
They said some of the documents were administrative paper work and some about a failed and well-known uranium-enrichment program of the 1980s.
The research adds to the evidence that diet may affect a person's chances of developing the mind-robbing disease that afflicts more than four million North Americans.
"Sales rose 37 per cent year-on-year to 1.76bn, beating expectations."
The breakthrough technology was presented by Intel scientists at a conference in Japan.
"Last year, Congress passed similar, though less expensive, buyout legislation for peanut farmers, ending that Depression-era program."
"Proposition 34, a campaign financing initiative passed by the voters in 2000, limits fund-raising and spending by candidates for governor."
"Speaking to reporters at a New York news conference, Universal McCann's Coen projected that total U.S. ad spending will rise 4.6 percent to $247.7 billion this year."
Police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday when his jet made a refueling stop in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk.
"Rather, the US acted because the administration saw ""existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of our experience on September 11""."
"She told the New York Daily News she remembers only the intern's first name, which she refused to reveal."
"The Nikkei average .N225 was down 1.83 percent or 192.25 points at 10,310.04, its lowest close since August 28."
"Perkins also had a $200,000 buyout clause in his contract."
"After their arrests, the men told investigators they paid to be smuggled into the United States from Canada last month."
"The federal government is approving new pesticides without even knowing whether they pose a threat to children, Canada's environment watchdog warned yesterday."
"The FBI also failed to pursue other leads, including a San Diego imam who dealt with several 9/11 figures, it adds."
"If convicted, Parson faces up to 10 years in federal prison and a fine of up to $250,000."
"Microsoft's stock was up 50 cents, to $28.34 a share in New York yesterday."
He has said he plans to urge Chinese officials during the G20 meeting to move more quickly to adopt a more flexible currency system.
IBMof the US andInfineon Technologies of Germany willon Tuesdayannounce a technological development that could threaten multi-billion dollar memory chip markets.
"The lawsuit names Shelley, a Democrat, and registrars in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties."
"Westfield also will continue discussions over the other co-owned centres, such as Knox City in Melbourne, where Deutsche Bank owns a 50 per cent stake."
"An hour later Israeli attack helicopters rained missiles on a car in Gaza City, killing seven people, Palestinian sources said."
The poll conducted between Oct. 24 and Nov. 2 had a margin of error of 2 percentage points.
Openexchange Server 4.1 includes a web-based distributed authoring and versioning (WebDAV) interface and Outlook connector to speed information flows.
"If draining the ponds in Maryland will further help establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."
"These are dark days for our industry, the Geneva-based International Air Transport Association's Director-General Giovanni Bisignani said."
"Mr Levine said she had been offered $400,000 to tell her story to an Australian TV network."
"Mr. Bergonzi was the chief financial officer from 1995 until his departure, and was intimately involved in many of the alleged schemes to pump up Rite Aid's earnings."
"The number of households acquiring music fell from a high of 14.5 million in April to 12.7 million in May and 10.4 million in June, according to NPD."
Columbia broke apart in the skies above Texas on Feb. 1.
The dice are rolling at Borgata Hotel Casino & Spa.
"EDS is ""in the process of responding to a subpoena and providing documents and information to the SEC,"" the company said."
"Each week 138 million shoppers visit Wal-Mart's 4,750 stores."
"The EU statement stopped short of endorsing the U.S. charge that Tehran is seeking nuclear weapons but said some aspects of Iran's programme raised ""serious concern""."
"They would receive no help with costs between $4,500 and $5,800."
"He added: ""Let the process be put in place that will ensure a smooth transition from war to peace."
Dealers said the dollar also drew some downside support as Japanese investors are expected to keep snapping up foreign bonds amid ever-falling domestic interest rates.
"Under the plan, which GM and Dow were to announce Wednesday in Washington, GM will provide Dow manufacturing plants with trucks containing fuel cell conversion equipment."
"Except for a few archaic characteristics, the skulls are readily recognizable."
"On Monday, Abbey trotted on stage, tail wagging, with Conway before a crowd of 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference."
"Big Blue will integrate Adobe's Form Server, Form Designer and Reader products with its DB2 Content Manager and DB2 CommonStore products designed for businesses."
"In 2001, the diocese reached a $15 million settlement involving five priests and 26 plaintiffs."
"The new WPAN standard uses the 2.4 GHz unlicensed frequency band and specifies raw data rates of 11, 22, 33, 44 and 55Mbit/s."
The tests measure how well students are meeting the state's standards for learning the content taught in each grade.
"Westfield also will continue discussions about the other co-owned centres such as Knox City in Melbourne, half-owned by Deutsche Bank."
"Selling it symbolically writes 'Finish' to that chapter in the administration of our city's schools, he said."
"The government recently added the word 'Taiwan' in English to the cover of its new passports, a move slammed by Beijing."
"US officials say the six, like other prisoners at Guantanamo, were suspected of involvement with al-Qaeda, Afghanistan's Taliban or some other group."
"After the other inmate fell, Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot, razor-wire fence, Fischi said."
One of the defining and well-studied characteristics of temperament is how people react to novelty.
"A black pickup truck was also seen in the Campbells Creek area, Morris said."
"These are not solely American principles nor are they exclusively Western, Rumsfeld said."
"The Defence Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, and other top Pentagon officials played down his comments."
"Coke's unit case volume, a key measure of financial health in the beverage sector, grew 5 percent in the quarter."
A European Commission initiative has issued guidelines to member governments on how to migrate to open source software on both servers and desktops.
Ridge said no real explosives or harmful devices will be used in the exercise.
"President Bush has to put Putin on notice that he is taking Russia in the wrong direction, Soros said."
"This blackout was largely preventable, Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said at a press conference this afternoon."
"In Soviet times the Beatles' music ""was considered propaganda of an alien ideology."
"Maria Parrado believes her nephew, who served a 12-year prison sentence in Cuba after being arrested in Cuban waters, will be persecuted if he is sent back there."
"There was no immediate evidence that the two incidents were connected, police said."
Begg and Abbasi feature on an initial list of six detainees who could be tried by the military tribunal.
"The agency could put no exact date on the tape, though the voice says he is speaking on June 14."
"This is going to put a severe crimp in our reserves, O'Keefe said during a breakfast with reporters."
"License sales, a key measure of demand, fell 21 percent to $107.6 million."
Conte said Druce will be charged with murder.
"ELENA Slough, considered to be the oldest person in the US and the third oldest person in the world, has died."
"Consumers, tired of paying high prices for CDs and DVDs, are looking for flexible forms of on-demand media delivery."
The airline expects to save another $100-million a year through management layoffs and pay cuts.
The senior administration official said neither Bush nor National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice read the entire National Intelligence Estimate.
"The law does not regulate how much individuals can contribute to their own campaigns, a decided advantage for millionaires such as Schwarzenegger and Ueberroth."
"Other contenders included General Electric's GE.N NBC, which submitted a letter of interest, a source familiar with the matter said."
"Pappas, the teacher, said he wouldn't hesitate having Graham as a substitute."
"It was called mandatory, but Dupont said authorities did not force people to leave."
"Rush is the only witness to the wheelhouse events who has spoken with investigators, Weinshall said."
AstraZeneca says just 1pc of people of those taking the drug worldwide have suffered serious consequences.
"Spring has arrived in Estonia - we're back in Europe, Juhan Parts, prime minister, told a news conference last night."
"The Conference Board said its measure of business confidence, which had fallen to 53 in the first quarter of 2003, improved to 60 in the most recent second quarter."
"Vermillion, Posey and Madison County populations will decline."
"The WHO has said the Singapore case did not fit its profile of SARS and was ""not an international public health concern."""
"In interviews with numerous engineers, most of whom have not spoken publicly until now, the lines of discord between NASA's engineers and managers stand out in stark relief."
"CELF's founding members are Hitachi, Matsushita, NEC, Philips, Samsung, Sharp, Sony, and Toshiba."
"A couple starved their four adopted sons for years while allowing their daughters to feast on takeaways, police and neighbours said today."
The charges of espionage and aiding the enemy can carry the death penalty.
"In Damascus, the Syrian Information Minister, Ahmed al-Hassan, dismissed the claim."
One study found that combination therapy doubled the risk of probable dementia and did not prevent less-severe mental decline.
Southwest said it had already inspected its fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional suspicious items.
The firm had predicted earlier this year a 4.9 percent increase.
The acquisition has been approved by both companies' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year.
"However, the Saudi interior minister, Prince Nayef, denied the reports."
"This study's researchers, from the Institute of Child Development of the University of Minnesota, had earlier found the same pattern in 3- and 4-year-olds."
"New Yorkers didn't embrace these units like they could have, Matthew W. Daus, the commission's chairman, said yesterday."
"The new processor was unveiled at the Intel Developer Forum 2003 in San Jose, Calif."
An electronic implant has helped Limbaugh regain most of his hearing.
Dealers said the euro's downward momentum may pick up speed should it break below $1.15.
"A member of the rap group So Solid Crew threw away a loaded gun during a police chase, Southwark Crown Court was told yesterday."
The suit was filed in the Supreme Court of New York County.
"Such an amount would probably be unable to summon a majority of the Senate, where Republican moderates have refused to go above $350 billion."
"Californians understand that we have some real problems ... and they want commonsense solutions, and recall isn't one of them, said Davis adviser Roger Salazar."
"Judge Harold Baer concluded Wednesday that lawyers for the two victims ""have shown, albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaida."""
"Doris Brasher, who owns a grocery store on Highway 96, said many in the close-knit town knew the three men who were killed."
Pork processing giant Smithfield Foods Inc. said Monday that it won the bidding in an auction for bankrupt Farmland Industries Inc.'s pork business.
"Dell made $950,000 in salary and nearly $2.5 million in bonus pay during the fiscal year."
A federal grand jury and the Securities and Exchange Commission were looking into how the company allocated shares of initial public stock offerings.
"The search was concentrated in northeastern Pennsylvania, but State Police Trooper Tom Kelly acknowledged that Selenski could be out of the area."
"However, he said, The reasons behind the increase in incidence are more complex and were just beginning to understand the risk factors."
"Yesterday, Mr. Cuomo's lawyer, Harriet Newman Cohen, read a statement over the phone: ""Mr. Cuomo was betrayed and saddened by his wife's conduct during their marriage."
"Coca-Cola Co. (KO) reported higher profit for the quarter, helped by European demand, early on Thursday."
"Texas lawmakers must close a $185.9 million budget gap by the middle of July or the schools wont open in September, Comptroller Carole Keeton Strayhorn said Thursday."
"That comes as Alba is lifting its aluminium output by 307,000 tonnes a year and accelerating plans for another 307,000 tonnes-a-year increase."
"Detective Chief Inspector Norman McKinlay, leading the investigation, said: ""There is evidence a body or bodies have been in this area."
"The Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 10.89, or 1.2 percent, to 931.12 as of 12:01 p.m. in New York."
"The League of United Latin American Citizens, the group criticizing Schwarzenegger, said the Austrian-born actor's advisory board position brings into question his commitment to Hispanics."
"Grant, a 22-year Monsanto veteran, also has been elected to the company's board of directors, Monsanto said in a statement."
"Ellison said that contrary to the contentions of PeopleSoft management, Oracle intends to ""fully support PeopleSoft customers and products"" for many years to come."
"The latest 11 News/Houston Chronicle Poll shows White supported by 53 percent of surveyed voters, far ahead of Orlando Sanchez's 35 percent."
"Kline's opinion dealt specifically with abortion providers, but later his office said it also would apply to doctors providing services such as prenatal care to pregnant girls under 16."
"He resides in Doha, Qatar, from which Russian authorities have been trying to extradite him for nearly two years."
"Powell's version made it seem more sinister when he said an officer on the tape ordered that the area be ""cleared out."""
U.S. District Judge William Steele has set the hearing on the suit for Wednesday.
"Analysts polled by Reuters Research, a unit of Reuters Group Plc, on average forecast profit of $1.69 per share."
"Two hours later, at 3:22 p.m., a relative contacted police to report a suicide."
Mrs Clinton writes her husband's eyes filled with tears when she told him he would have to confess to Chelsea as well.
"People just love e-mail, and it really bothers them that spam is ruining such a good thing, said Deborah Fallows, senior research fellow with the Pew project."
But the economy hasn't shown signs of sustainable growth.
"It was announced that Green will replace Park in the Dale Earnhardt Inc. No. 1 Chevrolet, beginning with the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway next week."
"A lower court had considered Hamidi to be trespassing on the Santa Clara-based chipmaker's servers, just as if somebody were squatting on a piece of physical private property."
"According to an arrest warrant released Tuesday, Dotson admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head ""because Patrick had tried to shoot him."""
U.S. Food and Drug Administration Commissioner Mark McClellan said Kraft's could start an important trend.
"The loss ends a run of four straight ""Sister Slam"" major finals — all won by Venus' sister, Serena."
Mr. Caramore said the district waited for the subpoenas and planned to cooperate with the investigation.
"Telemarketers who call numbers on the list after Oct. 1 could face fines of up to $11,000 per call."
"Zuccarini was ordered held without bail Wednesday by a federal judge in Fort Lauderdale, Fla."
Britain included the accusation in a September 2002 dossier setting out the case for war in Iraq.
"Her father, Roma King Florin Cioaba, had her brought back and she was promptly married against her will."
"According to the BBC, the group's interim report will say its inspectors have not even unearthed ""minute amounts of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons material""."
Six Democrats and two Republicans are running for her seat and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.
"Ms Cohen Alon's lawyer, Donald Levine, confirmed she tried to sell the story in February."
"To watch pay television, consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by their cable service."
"Contrary to the court's decision, we firmly believe Congress gave the F.T.C. authority to implement the national do-not-call list,"" the congressmen said in a statement."
"Tuition at the six two-year community colleges will leap by $300, to $2,800."
"At first blush, then, the creators of the registry would seem to have drawn the line between exempted and banned calls in the right place."
"China's foreign ministry said: ""We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue."""
"Of those who signed the letter, 57 are senators, including 24 Republicans."
"In her autobiography, ""Find Me,"" O'Donnell wrote, ""I was an abused kid."
But Ms Pike said it was not unusual for hospitals to go into deficit and promised services would not be curtailed.
The three-story brick building houses apartments in the upper floors and the Snack Bar and Caf on its downstairs.
They weighed an average 100 kilograms and needed to lose between 14 and 36 kilograms.
"Intel spokesman Chuck Mulloy said the company was disappointed and assessing its ""options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel."""
"Hussein's other son, Uday, surrendered yesterday, but the Americans are keeping it quiet because he's a US agent."
"Overture generates its search listings from more than 100,000 advertisers who bid for placement on keywords relevant to their business."
"The governor said budget cuts in mental health care would cut services to 5,800 developmentally disabled Missourians."
The family was last seen July 6 and their bodies were found Tuesday.
"We have already found two trailers that we and the Americans believe were used for chemical and biological weapons."""
"The first stage of the malicious software began Monday, when the Lovsan worm began spreading around the world."
"Lower courts have splintered on the issue, allowing depictions of the Ten Commandments in some instances and not in others."
"Amazon.com shipped more than a million copies by Saturday afternoon, making Saturday the largest distribution day of a single item in e-commerce history."
"Our policies are well known and I'm not aware of any changes, Secretary of State Colin Powell said Tuesday."
Missouri Education Commissioner Kent King said he was disappointed by the scores.
"Other nations involved in the PSI include Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain and Britain."
"Admiral Black has provided spiritual guidance to thousands of servicemen and women during his 25 years of service, Frist said."
"The U.S. House of Representatives, the other chamber of Congress, does not vote on treaties."
"It was crashed by patients' rights advocates who squeezed into camera range, protesting the FMA's acceptance of major financial support from First Professionals Insurance."
"The regime of Saddam Hussein possessed and used weapons of mass destruction, sponsored terrorist groups and inflicted terror on its own people."
"She said another man, 19-year-old Antowain Johnson, ""tried to go back in ... but the smoke wouldn't let him."""
A spokeswoman for Interscope Geffen A&M Records declined to elaborate.
"After Saddam's regime crumbled in early April, legal hurdles had to be cleared before sales could resume."
"This is a good day for America's farmers, said Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, in reaction to the administration announcement."
"Max Factor cosmetics heir and fugitive rapist Andrew Luster was captured Wednesday in a nightclub at the beach resort of Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, authorities said."
Shares of Cellegy plunged $1.99 to $3.23 Monday on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
The researchers say that the fact the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohns sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation.
Andrew Cuomo and Kerry Kennedy were married 13 years.
"Sales fell to $3.3bn in 2002, as the bad news from the Women's Health Initiative hit the US market."
"Now, for the first time, those without Internet access can sign up by phone by making a single toll-free call to (888) 382-1222."
Mr Qarase must now invite up to eight Labour Party members into cabinet.
"If found guilty, he could be executed under anti-terror laws passed in the weeks after the bombings."
"Pope John Paul has health problems but is firmly in charge of the Roman Catholic Church, the pope's top aide told Reuters on Friday."
"Responding, Edward Skyler, a spokesman for the mayor, said later: ""The comptroller's statements, while noteworthy for their sensationalism, bear no relation to the facts."
"ATA shares closed down $1.66, or 16.7 percent, at $8.26 on the Nasdaq Stock Market."
"The suspected militants ambushed the convoy near the town of Spinboldak, U.S. military spokesman Lt. Col. Douglas Lefforge said Sunday, a day after the attack."
More than 130 people have been arrested and $17 million worth of property seized in an Internet fraud sweep announced Friday by three U.S. government agencies.
"Jacob has pushed consolidation for years but said it has been opposed by many communities, especially rural ones."
There were sharply conflicting reports tonight on the death toll.
He was arrested again Friday night at an Alpharetta restaurant where he was having dinner with his wife.
"As he sat down to hear the indictment, Samudra looked over to his nine lawyers and shouted ""Takbir!"", or ""Proclaim!"", a religious rallying cry."
NEW YORK -(Dow Jones)- Former star investment banker Frank Quattrone pleaded not guilty Tuesday to criminal charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.
"Speaking about the day before he was found dead, she said: ""I was physically sick several times at this stage because he looked so desperate."
McDonald's shares rose $1.83 to close Friday at $23.89 on the New York Stock Exchange.
"Vasile Ionescu, of the Roma Centre for public policies, said: ""The princess's marriage was not set up by force."
"Between July 1, 2002 and June 30, 2003, the Red Cross spent $114 million on disaster relief, while taking in only $39.5 million."
"His aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more bloodshed, a view shared by many in Liberia."
"On Jan. 12, 1996, two of his nude models were arrested atop of a Manhattan snowdrift, posed beneath an ice-cream parlor sign that advertised ""Frozen Fantasies."""
"The fire has so far charred 11,400 acres on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson, and more than 250 homes have been destroyed."
Parker said Moore's lawyers were reviewing the complaint and would respond Monday.
"As part of the changes BAT said managing director, Paul Adams, 50, would become chief executive from January 1."
"Elwin Hermanson and the Sask. Party would put the future of our Crown corporations - and our economy - at risk."""
"Those hot, dry Santa Ana winds and minimal humidity created optimal conditions for raging fires in at least 10 places that have already burned nearly 200,000 acres."
"The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was off 11.64 points, or 0.60 percent, at 1,912.65."
"We've become like total strangers, John told a pal two days before his death."
"APEC leaders are painfully aware that security and prosperity are inseparable, Thaksin said."
It was the third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close.
Advani said Pakistan should prove its sincerity by handing over suspects wanted by New Delhi for past bombings.
The bulk of the bill - $64.7 billion - goes for military operations primarily in Iraq and Afghanistan.
It also disclosed that sales -- a figure closely watched by analysts as a barometer of its health -- were significantly higher than industry experts expected.
The United States is wary of deep involvement in Liberia given commitments in Afghanistan and Iraq.
"Slow-moving, drenching Tropical Storm Henri doused an already soaked Florida on Friday, pushing heavy rains into areas where lakes and rivers were full to overflowing."
The Pentagon insists the technique has successfully predicted elections and even box office receipts.
"But he added that De Niro is ""a private person and doesn't care to have his treatment out for public consumption."""
"The incremental step, reported by researchers at UC San Francisco, is the latest in a decade-long effort to infect mice with the virus."
"In late-morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market, Corixa was up 74 cents, or 10%, at $7.94."
Toronto Police Chief Julian Fantino said Friday morning that an arrest has been made in the slaying of local girl Holly Jones.
"Peterson, 31, is charged with two counts of first-degree murder in the slayings of his wife, Laci, and their unborn son, Conner."
"In Iraq, Sen. Pat Roberts (R-Kan.), chairman of the intelligence committee, said on CNN's ""Late Edition"" yesterday, ""we're now fighting an anti-guerrilla . . . effort."""
A former Utah Power meter reader pleaded guilty Wednesday to bombing a power substation during the 2002 Winter Olympics.
"It also added that both proposals would allow Vivendi Uni to maintain ""a substantial minority interest in a U.S. media corporation with excellent growth potential."""
"I am not giving any consideration to resignation,"" Shumaker said in a statement."
"Including convertible securities, the total estimated value of the deal is $124 million, according to Corel."
Troubled Devil Rays prospect Josh Hamilton's promising future is in doubt after the Devil Rays announced Monday night that he will miss the season because of unspecified personal problems.
"His harsh criticism of the PLO's chairman, Yasser Arafat, saw the Palestinian Authority ban his books for a time."
Oracle chairman Larry Ellison has hinted that the company could yet again increase its offer for rival PeopleSoft.
"This was a persistent problem which has not been solved, mechanically and physically, said board member Steven Wallace."
"Morgan Stanley raised its rating on the company to ""overweight"" from ""equal-weight,"" saying the beverage maker's pricing power with bottlers should improve in 2004."
"Money from oil sales will now be deposited in a new Development Fund for Iraq, controlled by the United States and Britain and used to rebuild the country."
Dealers said the dollar also drew some support due to falling Japanese interest rates.
Microsoft Monday released the second in a planned series of Solution Accelerators for its Office product lineup.
"Even when the exchange detected such violations, it ""often failed to take appropriate disciplinary actions"" against individuals or firms."
The Institute's national manufacturing barometer slipped to 53.7 in September from 54.7 in August.
"Senator John D. Rockefeller IV, Democrat of West Virginia, said that provision of the Senate bill undermined a basic tenet of Medicare."
Evans is also the vice-chairman of the Federal Chief Information Officers Council.
It is the first named storm to develop in the Caribbean in December.
"The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark for the first time since December."
"The overall box office soared, with the top 12 movies grossing $157.1 million, up 52 percent from a year ago."
"He had been in protective custody since being transferred to Souza-Baranowski in April, officials said."
The rest said they had no affiliation or belonged to another party.
"Small-business customers paying between $1,200 and $3,200 a year would save between $60 and $120 per year, the commission estimated."
"Rescue workers arriving at February's deadly nightclub fire met a horrific scene, as people trapped in the club's doorway screamed for help, rescue tapes released Thursday show."
Simon Property's shares rose 42 cents to $39.45 at the close of New York Stock Exchange trading Tuesday.
"In July, the Hopkinton, Mass., company agreed to buy Legato Systems of Mountain View for $1.3 billion."
"Dynes will be paid $395,000 a year; Atkinson's salary is $361,400."
PeopleSoft said the JD Edwards acquisition would close in the third quarter.
"The $85 million agreement was reached in September, less than two months after Archbishop Sean O'Malley took over as leader of the nation's fourth-largest diocese."
"Bin Laden’s men pointed out that raising and distributing funds has been complicated by the U.S. crackdown on jihadi charitable foundations, bank accounts of terror-related organizations and money transfers."
The euro has slipped as much as four cents since matching a record peak near $1.1935 last week and hitting a record high of 140.90 yen in late May.
United has paid $34 million in penalties for failing to meet employment targets.
"The format must be formally ratified by an internationally recognized standards organization, and IP must be licensed under reasonable, non-discriminatory terms, they added."
The Securities and Exchange Commission and the U.S. Attorney have opened investigations into Freddie Mac over its accounting practices.
Young said he was disappointed the government didn't see the SARS crisis as worthy of federal disaster relief money.
"Walsh, also 40, was in critical but stable condition at Staten Island University Hospital last night."
"Shirley Hazzard and Edward P. Jones, both of whom needed more than a decade to complete their current novels, were also among the fiction finalists announced Wednesday."
"US manufacturing grew for the third consecutive month in September, but at a slower rate than in previous months, according to a survey released Wednesday."
"Evidence suggests two victims were taken by surprise, while the others may have tried to flee or perhaps defend themselves or their friends, police said."
Tim Hortons' same-store sales in Canada rose by 6.7 per cent.
"Today, June 25, the 127th anniversary of Custer's defeat, formal recognition is coming to the Indian warriors who prevailed that hot June day in 1876."
She had been critically ill since having surgery at Baptist Hospital on May 7 to replace a heart valve.
He said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14 bombers who launched five almost simultaneous raids Friday night.
"If accepted by the judge, Grass' plea will leave Rite Aid's former vice chairman and chief counsel, Franklin C. Brown, to stand trial alone next month."
Those who ejaculated more than five times a week were a third less likely to develop serious prostate cancer in later life.
"Koizumi told reporters at his office that Konoike's remarks were ""inappropriate."""
"Based on that review, I have concluded that CEO and President Greg Parseghian and General Counsel Maud Mater should be replaced,"" Falcon said."
"The service will launch later this summer with 800 locations, and Sprint plans 2,100 locations by the end of the year."
"The Sunnyvale, Calif., chipmaker announced its plans Tuesday at the Embedded Systems Conference in Boston."
"Samudra, 32, is suspected of being a key figure in the al-Qaida-linked terror group Jemaah Islamiyah, which has been blamed for carrying out the bombings."
"The bomb exploded in Helmand Province aboard a bus headed for the provincial capital, Lashkar Gah, according to wire reports."
"Bremer said he would launch a $70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across Iraq and build community projects, but gave no details."
"The Transportation Department survey of 60,000 people, conducted in 2001 and 2002, found 91 percent of people who commute use their own cars or trucks."
"This is an extremely heartrending time for the entire Brandeis University community.
"
"The risk is doubled for people with two copies of the mutated gene, the researchers said."
"But as time passed and more people were shot, Moose had to admit that he couldn't give the public what it needed most from the police - safety."
"A passer-by found the boy hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m. Thursday, with his feet free but his hands still taped."
"The court and the public need to know more of the defendants' seemingly massive fraud, he said."
The letter bomb sent to Prodi exploded in his hands but he was unhurt.
"Nuremberg, Germany-based SuSE will license Sun's Java 2 Standard Edition (J2SE) and ship Sun's Java Virtual Machine across its Linux software line."
"We are committed to helping the Iraqi people get on the path to a free society, he said."
"There are 625 U.N. troops in Bunia, while there are between 25,000 and 28,000 tribal fighters in the region, with thousands of them deployed in and around Bunia."
She was surrounded by about 50 women who have had abortions but now regret doing so.
"The European Union was due on Monday to demand that Iran accept ""urgently and unconditionally"" tougher inspections of its nuclear program, linking compliance to a pending trade deal."
The emotional communications were made public after a legal skirmish between the authority and The New York Times.
"Around 1,500 police are to be deployed at Niigata for the ferry's visit."
"Nvidia's acquisition has been approved by directors at both companies, and is expected to close in the Nvidia's third quarter of fiscal 2004."
The treaty must be signed by the president and ratified by Congress to take effect.
European Central Bank President Wim Duisenberg said in a televised interview that it was too soon to discuss further interest rate cuts in the euro zone.
"Wyeth estimates that 1,2 million women are still taking Prempro pills, down from about 3,4 million before the WHI study was halted last year."
"Chad Kolton, emergency management spokesman with the Department of Homeland Security, said the government is open to new ways to communicate."
"The teen was in surgery at Sacred Heart Medical Center, and the extent of his injuries was not available, Bragdon said."
Hope is survived by his wife; sons Anthony and Kelly; daughters Linda and Nora Somers; and four grandchildren.
"We are very pleased with the judge's decision, Merrill said yesterday."
"If necessary, I will support a constitutional amendment which would honour marriage between a man and a woman, codify that."
Naval Academy spokesman Cmdr. Rod Gibbons said: ``Today's announcement came as a surprise.
"Crews are told: ""If we don't do this, innocent people on the ground are going to die"", he said."
"This case represents an important opportunity to put a halt to a national effort aimed at removing any religious phrase or reference from our culture, Sekulow said."
Wyoming and New Mexico reported their first deaths from the virus this past week.
"It's amazing to be part of an industry that rewards its young, said Hernandez, who only graduated from Parsons School of Design last May."
The underground group has claimed responsibility for a series of arsons against commercial entities that members say damage the environment.
"So far the only declared major party candidate is Rep. Darrell Issa, a Republican who has spent $1.5 million of his own money to fund the recall."
"Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said investigators are considering the scenario."
The U.S. Supreme Court will hear arguments on Wednesday on whether companies can be sued under the Americans with Disabilities Act for refusing to rehire rehabilitated drug users.
"Another person, a man from Fort Worth, Texas, also was missing."
"The greenback rose steeply against the euro, yen and Swiss franc despite weaker-than-expected September U.S. retail sales figures."
Stevens said that the drug manufacturers had not shown why the plan should be prevented from taking effect.
"When such acceleration occurs, the drive's read/write head gets temporarily parked until the system is stabilised."
"The latest shooting linked to the spree was a Nov. 11 shooting at Hamilton Township Elementary School in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway."
"Five foreign embassies in Bangkok, including the Singapore embassy, were among those targeted."
"Cullen, 43, is charged with killing a Roman Catholic Church official and attempting to kill another patient at Somerset Medical Center in Somerville."
"The magnitude 8 earthquake last Friday gutted another tank, consuming 188,700 barrels of crude oil."
The 2.4 GHz radio frequency chipset features radio interference protection and low power consumption.
"Jeter, who dislocated his left shoulder in a collision March 31, took batting practice on the field for the first time Monday."
"Such communication will help adult smokers make more informed choices, company vice president Richard Verheij told a separate hearing, before a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee."
"Microsoft will stop developing versions of its Internet Explorer browser software for Macintosh computers, saying that Apple's Safari is now all that Apple needs."
His dissent was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas.
Bryant has said that hike had a greater effect on demand than officials expected.
"The company will begin adding to Perot Systems' profits immediately, the company said."
"Furthermore, with the target fed funds rate at 1 percent, ""substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted."""
Im hearing the same things I listened to 17 years ago.
Federal officials then gave the Texas DPS officer a number to call at the FAA to initiate lost aircraft procedures.
"The number of Americans considered extremely obese, or at least 100 pounds overweight, has quadrupled since the 1980s to a startling 4 million, the research shows."
"Wells, 46, said he was forced to rob the bank and asked police to help take the bomb off."
"The hearing occurred a day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for not addressing the scandal."
"Last year, Bloomberg snubbed the affair after being told he couldn't march with cast members of the ""The Sopranos."""
"He's not related to Malvo, but the two have referred to each other as father and son."
"There will be 9.3 million visitors to hot spots in 2003, up from 2.5 million in 2002, Gartner said."
The 6-3 ruling reinstates a law that told libraries to install filters or surrender federal money.
"Directed by Gibson, the reported $25 million production stars Jim Caviezel as Jesus and Monica Bellucci as Mary Magdalene."
"The three men charged with terrorism have been identified as Abdul Azi Haji Thiming and Muhammad Jalaludin Mading of Thailand, and Esam Mohammed Khidr Ali of Egypt."
"The depositions were made public yesterday at the request of the P-I, The Seattle Times and The Associated Press."
The Democratic sample has an error margin of plus or minus 6.1 percent.
Chest tightness after exercise and overall prevalence of asthma were also linked to the total amount of time spent at indoor pools.
"But Peterson added, I dont know anybody in the conference committee whos fighting to keep it out completely."
"In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 fell 1.6 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 dropped 1.2 percent and Germany's DAX index lost 1.9 percent."
"The Yankees selected Eric Duncan, a third baseman from Seton Hall Prep in New Jersey, with the 27th pick."
"Army Radio reported early today that hundreds of settlers converged on four outposts overnight, hoping to disrupt their evacuation."
"But, in a 58-page report, WHO said the Danish ban had been effective in reducing the spread among food animals."
Sweeney was to outline plans for the campaign in a speech on Saturday night at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.
President Bush and top officials in his administration cited the threat from Iraq's alleged chemical and biological weapons and nuclear weapons program as the main justification for going to war.
"An evaluation of 240 arthritis patients suggested there was no overall net clinical benefit from taking the medicine, the companies said in a statement distributed by Business Wire."
Independent US programmer Bill Zeller has developed software that lets users download shared music files using iTunes for Windows.
"Physicians who perform the procedure would face up to two years in prison, under the bill."
"But this could happen with any document format that supports VBA, including Word, Excel or PowerPoint."
"One of the Oregon species was acclimated to a temperature of 65 (18.33 Celsius), but survived until the aquarium temperature reached 87 (30.56 Celsius)."
A sensitive light detector then looks for the telltale blue glow.
"In January, it accused Russia of annexing the region and appealed to the U.N. Security Council to ""assume effective leadership over the peace process."""
"Closed sessions are routinely held at the U.N. tribunal that deals with Balkan war crimes, but they are usually closed to protect witnesses who fear for their safety."
"Called ""Taxpayers Against the Recall,"" it was to be launched Wednesday afternoon outside a Sacramento fire station."
Dr. Ostroff also said it was still too early to know whether a second wave would occur later in the winter.
"It is essential that the proceedings against accused terrorists be fair -- and appear to be so to outside observers, Sonnett said."
"Even then, UDDI will have to be improved to handle those features."
"At first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken, said Gen. Richard Myers, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff."
"E Ink is one of several groups trying to develop electronic ""paper"" for e-newspapers and e-books, and other uses - even clothing with computer screens sewn into it."
"Mr. Swan's group supported the governor's Democratic opponent, Bill Curry, in the 2002 election."
He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again.
"With the Expose (ex-poh-SAY) feature, all the open windows on the desktop immediately shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify."
"Law enforcement officials confirmed that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County, Fla., state attorney's office."
It is routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT team to rigorously test new platforms and technology inside IBM.
A federal appeals court on Thursday overturned a judge's order that would have forced Microsoft to include competitor Sun Microsystems' Java software in its Windows operating system.
Sorkin was to have been tried separately on charges of conspiracy and lying to a grand jury.
"Slightly more than half of the earnings miss was due to a sales slump, with weakness was spread across the company's various geographic and end markets."
"We'll decide how to keep the proper incentives there for countries to sign and for countries that have signed to ratify, the official said."
"On Wednesday, Hill is scheduled to become the first person executed for murdering an abortion doctor."
Stocks rebounded on Friday on hopes the government would next week adopt some of the market boosting proposals discussed on Thursday at a meeting of the top economic advisory panel.
Sources say this decision was a direct result of the decision to release Boudin.
He said the Government still did not know the real reason the original Saudi buyer pulled out on August 21.
Washington only agreed to let the U.N. mission into Iraq after repeated warnings by IAEA chief Mohamed ElBaradei.
The organizers of the University Games were hoping North Korea's participation would help boost inter-Korean reconciliation in the leadup to a crucial summit in Beijing this week.
"Still, changes to IE ""may affect a large number of existing Web pages,"" according to the W3C's notice."
"Prior to completion, CCG said it will also extract surplus cash of $27 million to reduce net borrowings."
"Since late last year, for example, more than 1,800 members of the American military have been placed in Djibouti to conduct counterterrorism operations in the Horn of Africa."
"Carnival Corp. stock was down 2.5 percent, or 81 cents, at $31.20 on the New York Stock Exchange."
It will appear in the next few weeks on the Web site of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
"Most of that – $US51 billion – was for American troops in Iraq, while another $US10 billion was for US forces in Afghanistan."
Microsoft on Thursday agreed to pay AOL Time Warner $750 million to settle AOL Time Warner's private monopoly lawsuit against Microsoft.
"Astronomers have clocked eight more moons orbiting Jupiter, bringing its known total to 60."
"John Clare, Dixons chief executive, objected to the Commission's findings."
"Taupo had been leading Mr Kibblewhite, 62, of Rotorua, on a three-day walk with a tramping party of eight."
Rebels consolidated their grip on a troubled northeastern Congolese town Tuesday as residents identified at least 112 dead after a week of fighting.
"The Justice Department on Aug. 19 sanctioned the Oct. 7 date for recall election, saying it would not affect voting rights."
"Of the 24 directors who are not exchange executives, half are representatives of the securities industry and half are designated public members."
"With Claritin's decline, Schering-Plough's best-selling products are now antiviral drug ribavirin and an interferon medicine called Peg-Intron -- two drugs used together to treat hepatitis C."
"Since the initial takeover offer, Salix shares have risen about 35 percent."
"The impact of natural-gas shortages ""will touch virtually every American,"" Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham warned yesterday."
Secretary of State Colin Powell last week ruled out a non-aggression treaty.
"They frequently tortured and shot prisoners, severing ears and scalps for souvenirs."
"She insisted that throughout the mission, managers ""were basing our decisions on the best information that we had at the time."""
AustMag has since asked the experienced US company Fluor to produce a detailed costing of the project but the report is still two weeks away.
Budget negotiations between the mayor and the City Council are entering high gear.
"Testing at a Massachusetts State Police lab and a private Virginia lab has not been able to determine whether the swimsuit belonged to Bish, Conte said yesterday."
"Television replays, though, showed the ball had touched the ground before Sangakkara's boot (262 for 4)."
The case consolidated multiple purported class actions filed in 2001.
You have to dig deep and come up with the goods against guys that are out there competing with the best of us.
"Sobig.F spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in e-mails that contain such familiar headings as ""Thank You!,"" ""Re: Details"" or ""Re: That Movie."""
Mehr said police had no way of knowing who or what Kilpatrick was shooting at with the single shot.
"The plan is expected be disclosed Monday morning at Tech Ed 2003 during a keynote by Paul Flessner, senior vice president of Microsoft's Server Platform Division."
"Two schools, Duke and North Carolina, have steadfastly opposed expansion."
"Mr. Woodley died Sunday at age 44 of liver and kidney failure in his native Shreveport, La."
Republican National Committee Chairman Ed Gillespie issued a letter Friday to CBS Television President Leslie Moonves.
OPEC this week is set to pressure independent exporters to back the cartel's next supply cut to prevent the resumption of Iraqi exports undercutting oil prices.
The investigation was closed without charges in 2001.
"It appears that the machine was cracked using a ptrace exploit by a local user immediately after the exploit was posted, it added."
"In the total external disk storage system market, McArthur said revenue increased 1.5 percent year-over-year in Q3 to $3.2 billion."
"Three Cubans were executed for hijacking a Cuban ferry, and six more are scheduled to go on trial in Key West in December for a plane hijacking in March."
"We think PeopleSoft customers deserve the right to choose, Ellison said."
"On Wednesday, Judge Pollack dismissed a similar class-action lawsuit filed by investors who lost money in Merrill's Global Technology fund."
"The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> declined 25.78 points, or 1.56 percent, to 1,627.84."
"More than 10,000 people, most of them civilians, have been killed in three decades of insurgency."
"Also arrested Friday was Claudia Carrizales de Villa, 34, a citizen of Mexico residing in the border city of Harlingen, Texas."
"I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel J. Michael Boxley, Silver said."
"The department ordered a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds, the state's largest insurer, and an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds, the third-largest."
The ambassador said it was up to the Americans to press the Iraqi council to make the invitation - a move he said the United States appears unwilling to make.
"The five main banks are ABN AMRO AAH.AS , ING ING.AS , J.P. Morgan JPM.N , Goldman Sachs GS.N and Rabobank [RABN.UL]."
"Under the House-passed plan, seniors would pay 20 percent of drug costs, plus a $250 deductible annually."
"Brando said that ""somebody ought to put a bullet"" through her head, according to the defense."
"The boys are expected to surrender voluntarily to Pennsylvania authorities within the next several days, Zimmer said."
"However, the report also tells us that once the problem grew to a certain magnitude, nothing could have been done to prevent it from cascading out of control."
"GlaxoSmithKline, the UK drugmaker, has said it would cut off supplies to Canadian stores shipping drugs to the US."
"Police said on Monday they believed Cruz knew of the fourth-grade girl through one of her former schoolmates, although neither the girl nor her family knew him."
"I am never going to forget this throughout my life."""
"In the 1990s, the board found, budget cuts and trade-offs etched away at the shuttle program's thin margins of safety."
"Investigators matched the dead womans teeth to Aronovs dental records Wednesday morning, medical examiners spokeswoman Ellen Borakove said."
"Nobody really knows what happened there except for me and the guard, and I can assure you that what he said happened didn't happen, Kaye said."
"On Aug. 8, Juvenile Court Judge Robert Yeates ordered that Parker be placed in protective custody."
It would be most serious warning since the 15-nation bloc has sent Iran since they began negotiating a trade and cooperation agreement late last year.
"Though the legal age for marriage in Romania is 18, the country generally tolerates the tradition of arranged child weddings among Roma, as Gypsies are also known."
"The president began his speech by acknowledging the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people, including seven Americans."
"The median household earned income fell $500 over the same period to $42,400."
"France, Russia, China and even staunch ally Britain had advocated a stronger U.N. role, which they said was needed to give a U.S.-backed Iraqi authority international legitimacy."
"The most recent recession was short and shallow relative to the nine others, averaging 11 months, that occurred since World War II."
"Antetonitrus was brontosaurus' older brother, hence the name."
"We think this planet formed with its star 12.713 billion years ago, when the [Milky Way] galaxy was . . . just in the process of forming."
"He or she decides the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for."
"In several previous shipwrecks, the search for survivors had to be abandoned for similar reasons, leaving the vessels and most of their passengers unaccounted for."
"Analysts currently expect earnings of 13 cents a share and revenue of $6.7 billion, on average, according to a survey by Reuters Research."
"The plant plans to shut down its first shift and parts of the second shift Monday to accommodate the president's appearance, Crosby said."
"Anhalt said children typically treat a 20-ounce soda bottle as one serving, while it actually contains 2.5."
"The test, conducted by UCLA and UC Riverside, was paid for with $450,000 from the ARB."
"Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C., anxiously awaited her turn at the microphone."
Now they were waiting to see if Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan would try to repair the damage done to bond prices in his testimony to the House next week.
Stewart also faces a separate investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Media giant Vivendi Universal has given itself two weeks to sift through offers for its U.S. entertainment empire in a multi-billion dollar auction of some of Hollywood's best-known assets.
"We're a quiet, peaceful town of 862 people and nothing ever happens, Bennett said."
Now I want to know whether or not the help that is available is being expedited and made available.
"Financial terms of the sale, which is expected to be completed by the end of August, were not disclosed."
"However, the agency said it will provide data from system audit logs to support external investigations of improper Internet use if requested by outside authorities."
"White House spokesman Scott McClellan called the Padilla ruling ""troubling and flawed."
The two filed a suit in 1998 and allege they were never warned by IBM's staff doctors that their symptoms could reflect chemical poisoning.
She has the confidence of having beaten her for the first time and she is buoyed by Venus Williams' upset loss of two days ago.
"In Dallas, no official ceremony marked the anniversary."
"Another Chechen emergency ministry official, Ruslan Khadzhiyev, said the truck was carrying the equivalent of 1.6 tons of TNT."
Potter added that sales of grocery and other consumer packaged products are the strongest but sales of discretionary items such as decorative accessories are still weak.
DJs will pay homewares and furniture group Freedom $10 million to take over the Foodchain store leases.
"At the company-sponsored TechEd conference in Dallas, Microsoft executives will announce that two key products will enter customer testing this U.S. summer."
Dave Delainey agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors in exchange for the plea.
Negotiators said Friday they made progress during their latest round of free-trade negotiations between the United States and five Central American countries this week in Houston.
"A new feature dubbed FileVault, also new in Panther, secures the contents of a user's home directory with 128-bit AES encryption."
"Separated by a few metres, Mr Laczynski pressed against the metal fence which divides court officials from the crowd."
"Later this year, the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions."
"Defense lawyers cannot appeal the ruling until after trial, in the appellate courts."
"But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups, such as race, pushed the state onto the needs-improvement list under the federal No Child Left Behind Act."
Scotland Yard said in a statement it had charged a 46-year-old man and two women aged 27 and 35 with failing to disclose information about acts of terrorism.
Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter.
"Along with chip maker Intel, the companies include Sony, Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard, International Business Machines, Gateway, Nokia and others."
"Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, repeatedly has said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2."
"The releases are the latest in a series of efforts by the government to move Myanmar closer to multiparty democracy and national reconciliation, a government statement said."
The move came after Culture Minister Jean-Jacques Aillagon announced the government would impose cuts to unemployment benefits despite howls of protest from actors.
"Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, became a born-again Christian in June 2002."
"Microsoft released Windows Rights Management Client 1.0, the first software client, for free download earlier this week."
"Buyers can now choose a Windows- and Office-loaded desktop for 12,390 baht (US$298), excluding taxes, the report said."
"Federal investigators are looking for possible connections between the theft of 1,100 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week."
A Cuban architect was sentenced to 20 years in prison Friday for using two fake grenades to hijack a passenger plane from Cuba to Florida in April.
"During the flight, engineers underestimated the extent of the damage, and even then lamented that the liftoff photography was so poor."
"MediaMax performs EXACTLY as advertised"" to the companies who purchased it,"" Jacobs said in the statement."
"The $22 million deal, announced Thursday, is also the largest land conservation transaction in Hawaii history."
Wall Street enjoyed a hefty rally on Tuesday as economic reports pointed to a thriving housing market and an uptick in consumer confidence.
British military police have also been taking statements from 30 of the women who have made the allegations.
"In the opinion, Kline noted that it is illegal for children that young to have sexual relations."
"Voters in Cleveland Heights, Ohio, approved a proposal allowing same-sex couples -- and also unmarried heterosexual couples -- to officially register as domestic partners."
General Motors Corp. posted the best-ever improvement in 2000 at 8.4 percent.
"Farmers say they have increased the numbers of dogs they keep for protection, although some packs are used to hunt depleted wildlife."
She said her son followed his father and grandfather into the military.
"The lawsuit named Secretary of State Kevin Shelley, a Democrat, and the registrars of voters in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties."
"Mr. Mills declined to comment yesterday, saying that he never discussed personnel matters."
"Complications from flu kill roughly 36,000 Americans in an average year, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention."
"Microsoft acquired Virtual PC from its developer, Connectix, earlier this year."
"The girls, ages 16 and 18, were ticketed for underage drinking along with three of the cadets."
"Digital download sales of recorded albums and singles will be included in the album and singles sales charts, respectively."
"One man had brandished an English-Turkish dictionary and pointed to the word ""refugee""."
"Delta personnel at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport were scrambling all day to find alternate flights -- even on other airlines, when necessary -- to move the inconvenienced passengers."
"Turner said he transferred 10 million additional shares to a charitable trust, which also liquidated them."
"This deal makes sense for both companies, Halla said in a prepared statement."
The agent reported his contacts to Texas law enforcement officials and told them another legislator being sought was in Ardmore.
"Academic achievement -- including grades, test scores and high school curriculum -- are given the highest priority."
"After that, it will take six to eight months more to refurbish the center, said Thomas Day, vice president of engineering for the Postal Service."
"Canada has just decided to legalize same-sex marriage, and they have high hope that Massachusetts' high court will take a similar step within a few weeks."
The United States will play Canada in the third-place game Saturday.
The European Union is threatening trade sanctions unless the subsidies are repealed.
The Nets and the San Antonio Spurs are crossing new frontiers of offensive ineptitude while embarrassing their high-scoring ABA forefathers.
Ms. Gelinas said only 1.5 per cent of those have been fully re-evaluated.
"I think we are at a seminal moment in the history of this agency, he said."
"Jewish and Muslim leaders objected to the proposals, which were never approved."
"We're making these commitments first and foremost because we think it's the right thing to do, company spokesman Michael Mudd said yesterday."
"Sen. Patrick Leahy, the committee's senior Democrat, later said the problem is serious but called Hatch's idea too drastic a remedy to be considered."
Bond also voiced his disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended this conference in Florida or last year's conference in Texas.
"Other data showed sales of existing and new homes grew at a robust pace in April, spurred by low mortgage rates."
"Conway called the move ""atrociously bad behaviour from a company with a history of atrociously bad behaviour."""
"Some opposition leaders called for withdrawing troops, but others said they would reserve comment until mourning was over."
"The American troops from 3-15 infantry, who also defend the compound of the Falluja mayor, have been attacked on two occasions."
"Justice Sandra Day O'Connor said today that she would serve out the next term of the Supreme Court, dismissing speculation that she was ready to retire."
Southwest said it completed inspections of its entire fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional items.
"The Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 10.89, or 1.2 percent, to 931.12 as of 12:01 p.m. in New York."
Approximately 60 percent of all national advertisers do not yet advertise in Spanish.
Previous defense filings said Moussaoui was to be part of an operation outside the United States.
"The first biotechnology treatment for asthma, the constriction of the airways that affects millions of Americans, received approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Friday."
Happy Family has ex-Night Court star Larroquette and Christine Baranski as a couple with grown children who won't leave their lives.
"The company posted a net loss of $185 million, or 54 cents per share, in the year-earlier period, it said in a statement Wednesday."
Viacom's lawyers say Spike is a common name that doesn't necessarily prompt thoughts of the 46-year-old film director.
None of Dean's opponents picked him as someone to party with and Dean was not asked the question.
"However, the new vaccine won't begin to be tested in people until 2005 and won't be approved for use for several years after that."
Lawmakers on the House panel will question intelligence analysts at the closed-door hearing about the factors that went into compiling the National Intelligence Estimate reports on Iraq's weapons programs.
ImClone Systems and Genentech led shares of biotechnology companies higher yesterday after studies showed the medicines they are developing helped cancer patients.
"Allegiant's stock closed Wednesday at $23.40, up 64 cents, in trading on the Nasdaq market."
The new products on the desktop side include the latest versions of Pylon Conduit and Pylon Pro.
"On Monday, a suicide car bomber blew himself up close to the United Nations compound in Baghdad, also killing a security guard."
"The product can be instructed to permit business-only use, according to Sendmail."
The Cleveland Cavaliers won the right to draft James by winning the NBA's annual lottery Thursday night.
The inquiry may hinder Chief Executive Phil Condit's strategy of bolstering defense-related sales during a slump in jetliner deliveries.
"Whether that means two years or four years, I don't know."""
"Many of the affected countries, such as Colombia and Ecuador, are considered critical to the administration's efforts to bring stability to this hemisphere."
"Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment Thursday night, but authorities said it was from an animal."
His family approached the federal defender's office in Sacramento Friday about arranging his surrender.
"The share price of Berkeley-based Xoma lost 73 cents a share, or 13 percent, to $4.76 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market."
And all of the samples contained molecules that can only be produced when cholesterol interacts with ozone.
SIRTF is the last of NASA's so-called Great Observatories.
A 14 percent slide in crude prices this month and expectations of a build up in oil inventories compounded OPEC's fears of a further softening of the market.
""
Blair's office said his Foreign Secretary Jack Straw would take his place on Monday to give a statement to parliament on the EU meeting the prime minister attended last week.
"Last year, he ran a successful proposition campaign to secure state funding for after-school programs."
"There's no reason for you to keep your skills up, U.S. District Judge J. Frederick Motz told McGriff after he was sentenced."
But plans to expand Wagerup had been caught up in a heated debate about the existing pro-ject's impact on the amenity of local residents.
The budget office said one provision of the Senate bill accounted for $40 billion of the cost.
He is holding them up until the Air Force agrees to assign four additional C-130 cargo planes to the Idaho Air National Guard.
She was arraigned on three counts of second-degree murder and ordered held without bail in Sullivan County Jail.
"The seventh member of the cell, Habis Abdullah al Saoub, 37, a Jordanian, remains at large."
"With 97 percent of precincts counted tonight, 68 percent of voters opposed the tax."
"The Rev. John Johnston, 64, was charged with aggravated harassment in the phone call case and with criminal possession of a weapon, according to a police statement."
"I am not giving any consideration to resignation,"" Shumaker said in a statement."
PeopleSoft has argued that an Oracle takeover would face substantial regulatory delays and a significant likelihood that the transaction would be prohibited.
"Excluding patent litigation, RIM's loss for the quarter was $700,000, or 1 cent per share."
"Shares of Brocade closed at $5.91, down $1.24, or 17.3 percent."
"As more than 100 people sentenced to death have been exonerated across the nation, other states have abridged or considered abridging the use of the death penalty."
"Telemarketing Associates, hired by VietNow, raised $7.1 million from 1987 to 1995."
"The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada, which serves a similar role as the FDA for the Canadian government."
The Harrisons’ lawyer Paul LiCalsi said: “I’ve never heard of more reprehensible behaviour by a doctor.
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) were likely to be in the spotlight.
"Today, the experts will perform the United States' first simultaneous release of five whales from a single stranding incident."
"Still others cite the difficulty of assembling a group of subjects whose depression is of comparable severity, a problem that complicates the task of properly measuring effectiveness."
"Hundreds of soldiers were involved, an apparent signal to Hamas that Israel would not limit itself to air strikes in Gaza."
Security assessments of these facilities should take place every three years.
"The statewide unemployment rate fell to 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August."
"In the present case, too, Mr. Day said he hoped there would be an out-of-court settlement, which he estimated could approach $30 million."
Wall Street is debating whether the central bank will say risks are tilted toward weakness or balanced with inflation.
"But Miami is competing with eight other cities, including Atlanta; Panama City; Port-of-Spain, Trinidad; and Cancn, Mexico."
Micron's numbers also marked the first quarterly profit in three years for the DRAM manufacturer.
"After several weeks of market rallies on upbeat earnings, many investors are looking for more concrete signs of an economic recovery."
"She continued: ""Our research neither suggests nor indicates that PCO/PCOS causes lesbianism, only that PCO/PCOS is more prevalent in lesbian women."
Big Blue says the SEC calls the action a fact-finding investigation and has not reached any conclusions related to this matter.
Beck and his team have identified roughly 130 genes that somehow cause or predispose humans to certain diseases.
"Treasury prices gained for the third day in a row, pushing the 10-year note yield down to 4.35 percent from 4.36 percent late Monday."
"The matriarch, who celebrates her 81st birthday next month, was thanked personally yesterday for her generosity by actress Sarah O'Hare, National Breast Cancer Foundation patron."
"With Internet usage and broadband adoption continuing to escalate, Stuart says, ""marketers are throwing their weight and dollars behind interactive advertising."""
It calls for the return of U.N. weapons inspectors to verify that Iraq is free of weapons of mass destruction.
"In 2002, Senator Trapdoor took in $18,009 from moonlighting as a songwriter, according to his latest Senate financial disclosure."
"Kroc ranked No. 121 on Forbes magazine's latest list of the nation's wealthiest people, with an estimated net worth of $1.7 billion."
Air Commodore Dave Pietsche said RAAF controllers had positioned a fully armed F/A-18 Hornet fighter to prepare to intercept the aircraft.
"So far, only four companies have licensed Microsoft's communications protocols: EMC, Network Appliance, VeriSign and Starbak Communications, the report noted."
"Yunos prepared the bombs' wiring, and Ghozi admitted that he prepared the switch on the alarm-clock triggers and packed the explosives, the prosecutors said."
"AFTRA, on the other hand, approved the merger by a whopping 75 percent."
"In Palestine, a rural neighborhood 225 miles west of Washington, residents had effusive praise for Lynch."
"House Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman Billy Tauzin, R-La., said his committee will hold a hearing on the power outage in September."
"The project already has more than 5,000 members committed to relocating to the ""free state."""
A prosecutor said investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death arrived.
This fall the command will send trainers to work with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and gathering intelligence.
Google's early stage backers in include California-based Stanford University and VC firms Kleiner Perkins and Sequoia Capital.
"He added that the decision will ""throw a monkey wrench into the FCC's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy."""
"With 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS, South Africa has the world's highest AIDS caseload."
But the officials later revised the numbers and said about 250 had been arrested at some 60 stores.
"He said federal regulators would work with the corporation to ensure a ""smooth transition."""
"For the full year period ending June 30, 2003, high-speed lines increased by 45 percent."
"But PeopleSoft said the new deal should add to its 2004 earnings, excluding amortization and other items."
Federal regulators have changed their minds on a proposed $2.8 billion merger of ice cream giants Nestle Holdings and Dreyer's Grand Ice Cream.
"In 1995, the last survey, those numbers were equal."
"Spider-Man, rated PG-13, snatched $114.7 million in its first weekend and went on to take in $403.7 million."
Moore of Alabama says he will appeal his case to the nation's highest court.
Legislation that would change state takeover law and help Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. fend off a $1-billion takeover won committee approval Tuesday.
O'Keefe declined to discuss whether such photos would have enough resolution to detect small cracks in the wing panels.
"In its report, the foreign affairs committee absolved Mr. Blair of charges of doctoring intelligence."
"The commission's staff believes that Lay has personal knowledge of several matters under investigation, the SEC said."
"Sen. Richard Shelby, a Republican from Alabama, chairman of the Senate Banking Committee, wasn't rushing to endorse the legislation, said committee spokesman Andrew Gray."
Penn Traffic entered chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization May 30.
"U.S. stocks fell after Cisco Systems Inc., the world's biggest maker of networking-equipment, forecast that sales will be unchanged this quarter."
"The name for the robot, due to be launched at 2:05 p.m. (7:05 p.m.) on Sunday, was selected from among 10,000 names submitted by U.S."
"Mosel had been unable to present financial statements in time because of mergers among subsidiaries and a change of accountants, the company said yesterday."
"The Arizona-based ISM reported Monday that its non-manufacturing index rose to 50.7 last month, from 47.9 in March."
"Shares of EDS closed Thursday at $18.51, up 6 cents on the New York Stock Exchange."
He said he has initiated a forfeiture action in court and frozen more than $13 million Beacon Hill had when it closed.
"I carried 100 percent of the votes in San Jose - of all the Austrian-born body builders, Schwarzenegger quipped."
"Microsoft posted sales of $8.1 billion, up from $7.3 billion a year ago and ahead of analysts' estimates of $7.9 billion."
Malvo goes on trial next month in the death of an FBI analyst.
"It also unveiled an update to its Windows Server 2003 operating system, which is tuned specifically for storage devices."
"Smith, 59, is charged with filing false reports to FBI headquarters about Leung's reliability and allowing her access to classified materials."
"The future of BA is in the hands of the negotiators, Eddington told British Broadcasting Corp. television on Sunday."
"Soon after, a Coast Guard helicopter landed and took the men to Bartlett Regional Hospital, Mills said."
The federal agency has been investigating whether several energy companies manipulated energy markets by reporting false natural gas trading prices to industry publications.
"The company also defended its right to ""create a video game experience with a certain degree of realism."""
"I feel like the weight of the world has been lifted from my shoulders, Ms. McCorvey said at a downtown Dallas news conference."
"As part of the agreement to extradite the two best friends from Canada, prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty for convictions."
House Democrats plan town meetings this month to lay out their complaints about the House bill.
Companies trading on the biggest stock markets must get shareholder approval before granting stock options and other equity compensation under rules cleared yesterday by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Ex-Bears star William 'the Refrigerator' Perry competes in the Nathan's Famous Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest Friday.
Each boy weighed less than 50 pounds when they were removed from the home Oct. 10.
"The remaining 1,557 genes are believed to be all functional."
"They described the intruder as being in his 30s to early 40s, from 5-feet-2 to 5-feet-5-inches tall, weighing about 160 pounds."
"They were released to authorities after officers delivered a six-pack of Dr Pepper to the gunman, using a long stick to pass the soda through a door."
The unusual decision to declassify a major intelligence report was a bid by the White House to quiet a growing controversy over Bush's allegations about Iraq's weapons programs.
Stewart also faces a separate investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Sandra Day O'Connor and Antonin Scalia.
"The card is issued by Mexico's consulates to its citizens living abroad and shows the date of birth, a current photograph and the address of the cardholder."
"Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the team at New Mexico for temper tantrums, became a born-again Christian in June 2002."""
"Orville Wright's laboratory was once there - where he developed a split airplane wing, tinkered with cars and even built toys."
"Allied forces have defeated Saddam's military, moved into his palaces and started to patrol Baghdad."
"As stark as the numbers themselves, is the conundrum they highlight: the growing difficulty of classifying racial and ethnic categories in an increasingly fluid and multi-ethnic society."
Officials said data will be used to verify whether travelers have exceeded their authorized stay.
The company claimed it is the largest sale of Xserves by an Apple retailer.
"The Pentagon statement said that allowing Hamdi access to a lawyer ""is not required by domestic or international law and should not be treated as a precedent."""
"From now onwards we will embark on rolling mass action at strategic times of our choice and without any warning to the dictatorship, he said."
Chi-Chi's has agreed to keep the restaurant closed until Jan. 2 -- two months after it voluntarily closed when the disease was first reported.
"Typhoon Maemi was on Saturday night moving over the Sea of Japan, where it had weakened considerably, the meteorology department said."
"Guidant officials said Monday that Menlo Park, Calif.-based Endovascular would continue to ship the device and provide support to patients until October."
Spitzer was among a group of federal and state regulators who negotiated a $1.4 billion settlement with 10 brokerages over analyst conflict-of-interest allegations.
"A few miles west are the pyramids of Teotihuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago."
"Kaichen's former landlord, Carol Halperin of Chappaqua, said Kaichen claimed to have volunteered at Ground Zero in the aftermath of the attack."
"He said the royal family has poisoned the princes' ""little minds."""
"Car volume was down 8 percent, while light truck sales--which include vans, pickups and SUVs--rose 2.7 percent."
"A number of witnesses have told the court Bashir heads Jemaah Islamiah, accused of wanting an Islamic state in the region."
"A Caesarean had originally been planned in mid- November, two weeks early."
"Each hull produced by the yards will cost about $1.4 billion, and the completed submarines will cost about $2.2 billion each, Young said."
The defeat of the ninth seed Daniela Hantuchova on Wednesday was the only thing to disrupt the otherwise orderly second-round progress in the Serena Williams half of the women's draw.
Scientists are working to determine how exactly how acrylamide is formed in food.
The world's first portal potty was soon to be rolled out at summer festivals in Great Britain.
"Avery Dennison said it now expects a second-quarter profit of 68 cents to 72 cents a share, down from its prior outlook of 77 cents to 82 cents."
"Whereas long lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks, now they are lucky to catch one, Myers said."
"Meanwhile, Hynix Semiconductors voiced strong criticism of the United States, calling its decision an ""outrageous tactic aimed at a hidden agenda."""
Two of the six people that testified to Congress today were engaged in a bitter dispute over airing Yankees games.
"Like Viacom, General Electric is seen as a less enthusiastic bidder compared with Bronfman or Davis."
"Ironically, Cablevision will be footing the bill for YES' lawsuit against Time Warner Cable."
"El Watan, an Algerian newspaper, reported that the kidnappers put up fierce resistance during the army assault, firing Kalashnikov rifles."
"Close cooperation between regional law enforcement agencies and intelligence services was at the heart of the fight against terrorism, he said."
The company said this impacted earnings by a penny a share.
News that the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries was lowering output starting in November exacerbated a stock sell-off already under way yesterday.
Supporters say those people will gamble and have enough money left over to spend in restaurants and stores.
COMPACT discs could be history within five years after scientists made a fingertip-sized replacement.
Hong Kong has not seen such a protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the 1989 massacre of democracy activists occupying Beijing's Tiananmen Square.
"United is continuing to deliver major cost reductions and is now coupling that effort with significant unit revenue improvement, he said."
"Muslim guerrillas attacked a town and took hostages Sunday as they withdrew from fighting that killed at least three people, the military and rebels said."
The year-ago numbers do not include figures from Compaq Computer.
President Bush flies to Uganda Friday hoping to polish his anti- AIDS credentials in a country hailed as an African pioneer in fighting the epidemic.
"Terrance's father, Terrance Cottrell Sr., told the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel on Monday that he wants everyone involved in his son's death to be held responsible."
She said some fast-food chains already display calorie information about their meals on their Web sites.
Supporters asked a federal court Monday to block the removal of a Ten Commandments monument from the Alabama Judicial Building.
"Under a deal with General Electric's NBC, Vivendi's film and TV business would merge with NBC's broadcast network, Spanish- language network and cable channels including CNBC and Bravo."
"But six months ago, the two sides managed to strike a $6.8-billion debt rollover deal, which expires in August."
PG&E Corp. shares jumped $1.63 or 8 percent to $21.03 on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.
"The company is also adding .Net and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment development toolset, Sapp said."
"Wi-Fi will continue to grow: The number of public Wi-Fi hot spots will grow from the current 50,000, to 85,000 by the end of the year, IDC said."
"I'm delighted that David Chase has decided to give us another chapter in the great Sopranos saga, said HBO Chairman Chris Albrecht in a statement."
"A meeting of the clubs board of directors, chaired by president Florentino Perez, had decided against renewing the 52-year-olds contract as Real Madrid coach."
Ships carry 95 percent of international cargo to the United States.
"The player's eyes were bloodshot and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 - well above Tennessee's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10, the report said."
"Bush said in a statement that he ordered the U.S. Treasury Department to act following Tuesday's suicide bombing attack in Jerusalem, which killed 20 people."
"The largest number of arrests, about 400, were on charges of manufacturing or distributing child pornography on the Internet."
"They added that decisions have been made about how many troops will be moved, where they will come from, or where they will end up."
"A new feature dubbed FileVault, also new in Panther, secures the contents of a user's home directory with 128-bit AES encryption."
"Even though she defeated Williams on May 17 in the semifinals at Rome, Mauresmo cannot be favored in this match."
Prosecutors reversed course Friday and said they support moving the murder trial of sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad out of the Washington suburbs.
Their findings were published today in Science.
"Joanie Harper and Brothers were granted an annulment in September 2001, and Harper was given sole custody of Marques and Lyndsey, court records show."
The ONS this week reported a surprise 0.6 per cent fall in manufacturing output in August.
"With Smithfields leadership, Farmland Foods will succeed and continue to sustain the Midwestern communities which depend on it."
Several of the audience questions were new to the candidates as well.
The number of days when Texas beaches had swimming advisories dropped from 317 in 2001 to 182 last year.
"Former postal worker, Douglas Lindsell, was sentenced yesterday at Kingston Crown Court after pleading guilty to attempting to abduct a young girl."
The left the Eurotop 300 benchmark trading just short of its highest level since January 17 -- hit earlier in the session.
The new campaign comes just weeks after U.S. appeals court rulings requiring Internet service providers to identify subscribers suspected of illegally sharing music and movie files.
"In Baghdad, police Lieut. Mothana Ali said about 1,000 demonstrators arrived at the station demanding jobs."
"Since Perkins arrived at UConn in 1990 from Maryland, the Huskies have fielded six national championship teams in three sports -- men's basketball, women's basketball and men's soccer."
There’s also at least three suspected cases in Illinois and 11 in Indiana.
Astronomers have found the oldest and most distant planet known in the universe.
The representative did not return calls seeking additional comment.
"Athough Prempro pills were used in the study, the researchers say they have no evidence that other brands are safer."
"The death of Ghozi signals that terrorists will never get far in the Philippines, President Gloria Arroyo said."
"U.S. officials did not say whether American forces, who were acting on intelligence, crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian guards were involved."
"Tomorrow the book, kept under wraps by G. P. Putnam's Sons since its inception, will appear in bookstores."
What is happening here is that people who have opposed this action throughout are trying to find fresh reasons why it was not the right thing to do.
Their differences on energy and Medicare have become so pointed other members say it is embarrassing to the party.
The high court will hear arguments today on whether companies can be sued under the ADA for refusing to rehire rehabilitated drug users.
"We will clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration, Reed said in his letter."
"A further 10 million shares were transferred to a charitable trust, after which they were also sold."
The interview Thursday came a day after Britain's Daily Mirror reported Sahhaf had been taken into custody.
"My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen, Ezzell said."
"Last week, India and Pakistan said they would hold their first diplomatic talks in two years."
"Starting on Aug. 16, every computer infected with MBlast will start flooding Microsoft's Windows Update service with legitimate-looking connection requests."
"A month ago, the Commerce Department estimated that GDP had a grown at a 7.2 percent rate in the third quarter."
Galveston County District Attorney Kurt Sistrunk told Criss Wednesday his office only this week received the recordings.
Gagne struck out two in a perfect ninth inning for his 23rd save.
"Beckham will pocket a weekly salary of about $213,000 and earn $10 million a year, plus bonuses."
"It supports the Windows CE, Palm, Symbian, and Linux operating systems."
The Bush administration blames the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks on Saddam loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops.
Shares of Express Scripts ESRX.O fell about 4 percent to $66.73 on the Nasdaq in late morning trade.
"Mr Kenny and the family's American lawyer, Michael Ratner, want access to Hicks before he faces a military tribunal."
"Gary Nicklaus, the 34-year-old son of the Golden Bear who is playing on a sponsor's exemption, birdied five of his first nine holes before shooting 69."
Because it takes Neptune 165 years to orbit the Sun its seasons will last for decades.
"Network security products maker Secure Computing said Tuesday it is acquiring content filtering firm N2H2 for $20 million, furthering consolidation in an already competitive market."
"The safety center has a $45 million budget for its first year, much of which will be spent on tests and analyses."
"Kahuku Ranch has world-class qualities—tremendous resources, tremendous beauty and tremendous value to global biodiversity, he said."
Neither authorities nor Granquist would release identities of the victims pending family notification.
A restaurant worker was sentenced to 30 years in prison Tuesday for the sexual assault and strangling of a sixth-grade girl he met in an Internet chat room.
"The State University at Stony Brook launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection."
Twenty-nine-year-old Iranian sisters Ladan and Laleh Bijani are willing to accept the slim chance of success just for an opportunity to lead separate lives.
The agency said it had no plans to release the name of the teenager involved because he was a minor.
"Such was the case Thursday night when the Cleveland Cavaliers won the ""LeBron James Lottery,"" otherwise known as the NBA draft lottery."
"Even the pizza delivery took part, unwittingly delivering a leaflet with the missing girl's picture during his run to Cruz's house."
MTA spokeswoman Marisa Baldeo Sunday night declined to discuss the matter because of the pending litigation.
"We condemn this raid which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable, London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters by telephone."
The reports are among several published this week in the Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology.
Two British women lost a desperate court battle on Wednesday to have babies using frozen embryos their former partners want destroyed.
Cortisol levels in the saliva of day-care children were highest and rose most steeply in those whom day-care centre staffed judged to be the shyest.
"Our ""spiritual enemy,"" Boykin continued, ""will only be defeated if we come against them in the name of Jesus."""
He and a colleague created the articular condyle using stem cells taken from the bone marrow of rats.
"FirstEnergy Corp. should have determined that modernizing one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions, U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled Thursday."
That state will not emerge until the interim government decides on a process to write a new constitution and to hold the first democratic elections.
"Dave Tomlin, AP's assistant general counsel, said the parties are deciding whether to appeal the order."
"Many women complain that they become more forgetful after menopause, and some doctors have come to believe the hormonal changes brought on by menopause are the reason."
"Clark, one of nine Democrats seeking the nomination, said the program would cost about $100 million a year and would be within the Department of Homeland Security."
BALI bomber Amrozi claims he was inspired to launch an attack on the tourist island after his Australian boss revealed Bali was a haven for sinful behaviour of Westerners.
"Physicians who perform the procedure would face up to two years in prison, under the bill."
Those who ejaculated more than five times a week were a third less likely to develop serious prostate cancer in later life.
"Basically, the plaintiffs did not show that omissions in Merrill's research caused the claimed losses."
"The chief merchandising officer decides what the store is going to sell, giving it that signature that draws in shoppers and brings them back again and again."
"In addition, Hambali laments, ""all the group's savings have been lost to raids and arrests,"" and ""JI is now totally dependent on al-Qaeda for money."""
"Also Sunday, suspected rebels dynamited an oil pipeline in northeast Colombia."
A Stage 1 episode is declared when ozone levels reach 0.20 parts per million.
"As temperatures soar above 120 Fahrenheit in Basra, fridges and air conditioners have stuttered to a halt."
"Storage, networking and wireless products will be prevalent at the show."
Tony winners will be announced June 8 in televised ceremonies from Radio City Music Hall.
"The test, in four sections, includes algebra and geometry, along with some questions on probability and statistics."
"Fatima, meanwhile, was on her turquoise cell phone organizing the prom."
"I think the longer the series goes, the more chance Dirk has to play, Nelson said."
"While the rest of America grapples with an economic downturn, recession has become a permanent way of life for much of rural America."
Kay was sent to Iraq this summer to coordinate efforts to find the weapons that U.S. intelligence reported before the war that Saddam Hussein had.
They also disagree over ethanol - sacred in Iowa - and on authorizing oil and gas drilling in Alaskas wildlife refuge.
The group is also offering end user telephone support for $39.95 per incident.
"For those who got surgery alone, median survival was 41 months."
"Before the meeting, Putin said Russia regards Saudi Arabia as a key Muslim state."
"Sandy Mitchell, 44, from Kirkintilloch, Glasgow, and William Sampson, a British citizen born in Glasgow, face beheading in public."
"On Wall Street, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 0.5 per cent at 9,905.8 and the Nasdaq Composite added 0.7 per cent at 1,995.1."
Australian researchers believe they have found a trigger of type 1 diabetes in children - their mothers eating potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy.
"The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 64.64 points, or 0.71 percent, at 9,191.09, according to the latest available data."
"Yehuda Abraham, a 76-year-old jeweler from New York's diamond district, accepted a $30,000 down payment on behalf of Lakhani for the first missile, investigators said."
Kraft's shares fell 25 cents to close at $32.30 yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange.
"THE US government and private technology experts have warned that hackers plan to attack thousands of websites on Sunday in a loosely co-ordinated ""contest"" that could disrupt Internet traffic."
"About 1500 firefighters in Fontana and the neighbouring city of Rancho Cucamonga battled flames with helicopters, air tankers and bulldozers."
"John Vial, district manager for the Oregon Department of Transportation, estimated that 250 to 500 vehicles were stranded overnight after the Siskiyou Pass was closed Sunday night."
Companies trading on the biggest stock markets must get shareholder approval before granting stock options and other equity compensation under rules cleared yesterday by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Amazon and the New York attorney general's office have already settled with one of the alleged e-mail forgers.
"Sergeant Randy Force, a police spokesman, said O'Brien wasn't being charged with causing the crash because the victim had been jaywalking."
"Added Rep. Howard Berman, D-Calif.: ""Some of us find that the collateral damage is greater than it needs to be in the conduct of this war."""
Air Commodore Dave Pietsch said the main concern was a September 11-style aircraft suicide attack.
"Wal-Mart has told its top 100 suppliers that they'll need to have radio-frequency ID systems in place for tracking pallets of goods through the supply chain by Jan. 25, 2005."
"The Saint Sophia Camp hosts religious retreats for children during the summer months as well as other events year round, according to its Web site."
"The season's name comes from the Latin word adventus, which means ""coming."""
"The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX shed 0.17 of a point, or just 0.02 percent, to 934."
"News Corp., whose empire spans Hollywood's Twentieth Century Fox to publishing house HarperCollins, owns 35 percent of BSkyB."
"Three retailers _ Dillard's Inc., Kohl's Department Stores and Nordstrom Inc. _ got Fs."
"The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the resurgent Aspen fire."
The EU's agriculture representative in Washington said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is wrapping up talks on agricultural reform.
Seven of nine Democratic candidates for president also said they would participate in the conference Monday.
"Justices Anthony Kennedy, Sandra Day O'Connor and Stephen Breyer dissented."
The £5m gives BA a considerable return on the £5 they originally paid for Concorde.
"I'm pleased we are bringing it to a conclusion, Garton said."
He is charged in three bombings in Atlanta including a blast at the 1996 Olympics and one in Alabama.
"I stand 100 percent by it, and I think that our intelligence services gave us the correct intelligence and information at the time,"" Blair said."
"Taking the pill would lower the risk of heart attack by 88 percent and of stroke by 80 percent, the scientists said."
"But the Russell 2000, the barometer of stocks of smaller companies, had a weekly gain of 3.71, or 0.9 percent, closing at 418.40."
"The SEC said each bank helped Enron mislead investors by characterizing ""what were essentially loan proceeds"" as cash from operating activities."
The troops - whose mandate is to protect U.N. installations and personnel - can only fire in self-defense and have been unable to stem the violence.
"Under state policy, DeVries was to be returned to San Jose, where he was last convicted."
"The revised draft removed a reference to a 1999 study showing global temperatures had risen sharply in the past decade compared to the previous 1,000 years."
"At least 1,752 people were ordered to evacuate their homes in the north part of Marquette about 8:45 a.m. EDT, said Steve Powers, Marquette County administrator."
"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attack, said Barbara Comstock, Justice Department spokeswoman."
"The New York Stock Exchange suspended trading yesterday in Loral, which closed at $3.01 Friday."
"That means the case against Gary Lee Sampson, including the capital charges, will now to trial in September."
"Near a mosque in the northern town of Mosul, rebel gunmen also assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition."
"An outspoken opponent of terrorism, Professor Said's principal political allies were among the Palestinian intellectuals and civic leaders who have stood aside from the Arafat-dominated PLO and Palestinian Authority."
Federal officials earlier said there is no evidence of terrorism.
"Malvo's lawyers have presented an insanity defense, saying brainwashing by convicted sniper John Allen Muhammad left Malvo incapable of knowing right from wrong."
"The virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like ""Thank You!"" and ""Re: Details""."
The per-share earnings were also 4 cents per share higher than the expectations of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.
"Defence lawyers sought to have those charges thrown out, claiming the Bali court hearing Mr Samudra's case did not have jurisdiction over those crimes."
"Toll last week offered to buy the company for NZ75c a share, or $NZ158 million."
"Friends of Animals, which touts 200,000 members, was behind a successful tourism boycott that resulted in then-Gov. Walter J. Hickel imposing a moratorium on wolf control in 1992."
Southwest said it completed inspections of its entire fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional items.
"Even into his 90s, Lacy worked to change the game of baseball."
"The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a compromise, Hollings said in a statement."
"The donation of 60,000 tons brings the total of U.S. contributions for the year to 100,000."
Maj-Gen Jeffery said he would give his military pension to charity while he served at Yarralumla.
"In addition, two of his cousins - members of the Jordanian royal family - have been mentioned as possible competition for the throne."
"The Americas market will decline 2.1 percent to $30.6 billion in 2003, and then grow 15.7 percent to $35.4 billion in 2004."
"Up to a foot of rain and at least seven tornadoes pounded southern Nebraska and northern Kansas, killing a man and destroying at least four homes."
Connolly said FBI agents in San Diego and abroad spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi.
"A new worm has been spreading rapidly across the Internet, sometimes pretending to be an e-mail from Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates, antivirus vendors said Monday."
"Robinson's election was hailed in some quarters as a major breakthrough for gay rights, but condemned by others as a ""rebellion against God's created order."""
Three Southern politicians who ``stood up to ancient hatreds'' were honored Monday with Profile in Courage Awards from the John F. Kennedy Library and Museum.
"Mall operators and retailers reported fewer shoppers camping out for early-bird specials on Saturday morning, although parking lots were beginning to fill at some East Coast shopping centers."
"Hines died yesterday in Los Angeles of cancer, publicist Allen Eichorn said."
"With increasing numbers of Bluetooth-equipped mobile phones coming onto the market, ""people are going to be sorry if they didn't buy a PDA with Bluetooth,"" he said."
Greg Parseghian was appointed the new chief executive.
Roberts said on Fox News Sunday that said his committee was briefed about a week ago about the likelihood of an attack in Saudi Arabia.
His hatred had germinated and cemented his belief that violence was the best panacea.
"A federal judge Thursday granted a request by the Food and Drug Administration to shut down Rx Depot, a popular Internet company that sells cheaper prescription drugs from Canada."
"Hidalgo County Judge Ramon Garcia says when he was growing up, he wasn't allowed to speak Spanish at school."
"The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security, they said."
"Sinners have long cherished the fantasy that William Bennett, the virtue magnate, might be among our number, Michael Kinsely wrote."
"In his new position, Dynes will earn $395,000, a significant increase over Atkinson's salary of $361,400."
"The financial diplomacy we're engaged in is the surest course to get what we want, Mr. Snow said."
"Wild rock legend Ozzy Osbourne could be kept in intensive care for “several days” following his quad bike accident, his doctor said tonight."
Belgium said yesterday that it has decided to scrap a war crimes law used to launch cases against President Bush and Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel.
Governor Rod Blagojevich said he would not balance the state budget with gambling revenues.
"It generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue in the year's first half, 53 percent of Citigroup's totals."
MDC spokesperson Paul Themba Nyathi said the Avenues Clinic was targeted because it was handling opposition supporters.
"Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries are being held at the Naval base at Guantanamo Bay, many captured during the war against Al Qaeda in Afghanistan."
The state has received 19 entries in that competition and is working with families of victims to select a winner.
Analysts surveyed by First Call were expecting sales of $723 million and a loss of 28 cents a share.
Three other police officers were among five people who were seriously injured.
The FBI is trying to determine when White House officials and members of the vice president’s staff first focused on Wilson and learned about his wife’s employment at the agency.
"Mr. Abplanalp used plastic in a model that could be mass produced, lowering the price per valve, to 2 1/2 cents from 15 cents."
"Microsoft shares (MSFT: news, chart, profile) fell 1 cent to close at $25.65."
"Lay had refused to turn over the papers, asserting his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination."
"She was bitten on the back and scratched on the leg, her mother said."
"In my mind this is not an issue on the horizon right now, he was quoted as saying."
Fed policy-makers last week signaled they are prepared to cut that rate to ward off even the threat of deflation.
"The committee will define the role of the interim chairman and recommend an individual to fill that role, said Carl McCall, the lead director of the NYSE board."
The Jensens have said they fear the treatment would stunt Parker's growth and leave him sterile.
But skeptics are concerned about the ease at which these hardware-based security features could be used to set digital rights management policies by vendors.
"Wal- Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations."
Gonzales was found guilty of using excessive force by spraying Olvera with pepper spray.
"Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist, a Tennessee Republican, said he intended to work to see that the loan provision was not in the final bill."
"And in the Muslim world, Osama bin Laden, the missing leader of the al-Qaida terrorist network, is becoming more of a hero, not less of one."
Officials in Malawi said the men were on the CIA's ''watch list'' since the twin 1998 bombings at the US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania.
"His sport utility vehicle was found June 25, abandoned without its license plates in Virginia Beach, Va."
"In creating the game, it was not our intention to target or offend any group or persons or to incite hatred or violence against such groups persons."
The transaction will grant Handspring stockholders 0.09 of a share of Palm--and no shares of PalmSource--for each share of Handspring common stock.
"These are real crimes that disrupt the lives of real people, Smith said."
"Park appeared to have been strangled and may have been sexually assaulted, Homicide Capt. Charles Bloom said."
The University of Michigan plans to release a new undergraduate admissions policy Thursday after its acceptance requirements were rejected by the U.S. Supreme Court in June.
The FCC said that it won't request personal identifying information before allowing people to access the wireless network.
"But Mr. Crosby told The Associated Press: ""Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay."
"After careful analysis, WHO has concluded that the risk to travellers to Beijing is now minimal, Omi told a news conference in Beijing on Tuesday."
"A council of up to nine Iraqis will probably lead the country's still unformed interim government through the coming months, the American civil administrator said Monday."
"Buoyed by advice imparted by Nicklaus, Howell shot an 8-under 64 on Thursday to enter today's round with a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry."
"However, FAA spokeswoman Kathleen Bergen said no data indicate that the situation poses safety problems."
"Intel said it will use this advancement along with other innovations, such as strained silicon and tri-gate transistors, to extend transistor scaling and Moore's Law (define)."
The Future Concepts and Surface Ship Design Group is the Naval Sea Systems Command’s technical authority for all surface ship design and engineering.
Qantas yesterday issued its second profit downgrade in six weeks and warned of more job cuts as the continuing affect of the SARS scourge took its toll on passenger demand.
Reed said board members can't defend themselves by saying they didn't realize the size of Grasso's package.
SAN Architect and AutoAdvice can be used as stand-alone applications or as an extension to EMC's ControlCenter applications.
"The company had announced in January that it would have to restate earnings for 2002, 2001 and perhaps 2000."
NASCAR officials could not be reached for comment Tuesday.
"DeVries, who was voluntarily castrated in August 2001, has said the surgery took away his ability to become sexually aroused."
"Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to those superannuation payments irrespective of the circumstances in which he left the company, he said."
"Their biological daughter Renee Jackson, 29, said she made huge pots of beans and rice, and meat and casseroles."
Mr. Kozlowski contends that the event was in large part a business function.
"The U.S. steel tariffs, which Bush imposed in March 2002, were to officially end at midnight Thursday (0500 GMT), instead of March 2005 as initially planned."
"Software developers use compilers to translate a programming language, such as C++, into the machine language understood by the processor."
"The Bush administration should make public facts about purported Saudi Arabian complicity with terrorists rather than worry about offending the kingdom, several legislators said yesterday."
Four of those killed by Williams were black; the other was white.
I have proposed to the [IAAF] council that Drummond be excluded from the championships.
"Two Ex-Im board members displayed courage and environmental leadership in the face of considerable pressure, said Jon Sohn, international campaigner for Friends of the Earth."
Port authorities in Romania said two ships that sank during World War II but resurfaced due to low water levels could block river traffic.
"We hope to have the first of these discussions within the next three to five months."""
"We did not want to shut down, Diamond testified under questioning by Matthew Fishbein, one of O'Donnell's lawyers."
"November 17's last victim was British defense attache Stephen Saunders, who was shot and killed at point-blank range on a busy Athens road in June 2000."
The new found planet is the only one known to orbit such a double-star system.
The Prime Minister today admitted that critics are “rubbing their hands at the scope for embarrassing him”.
"While he is now spared that threat, his co-defendants in the same case are not protected."
"If the company did not turn in the results before the end of May, it was likely to be delisted, an SFC official said."
"Russian Yuri Malenchenko, American Edward Lu and Spain's Pedro Duque came down in their Soyuz TMA-2 capsule at 2:40 a.m. GMT."
"In his letter, McBride charges the Free Software Foundation and Red Hat with trying to undermine U.S. copyright laws."
"Sony Music's portfolio of products and services currently enable carriers to offer subscribers the ability to download images, ring tones, music videos and other entertainment services."
"Bristol shares rose $1.30, or 5 percent, to $28.20, after closing at $26.90 on the New York Stock Exchange."
The ITC midpoint review of the tariffs outlines their impact so far on the domestic steel industry and steel consumers.
"People in a van opened fire on a pickup and SUV believed to be transporting illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool."
"That leaves about three dozen at risk of aid cutoffs, Boucher said without identifying them."
"Shareholders will get 0.86 PeopleSoft share, or $13.11, for each J.D. Edwards share, based on recent trading prices."
"Some of the companys software developers will join Microsoft, but details havent been finalized, said Mike Nash, corporate vice president of Microsofts security business unit."
Both sets of findings were presented Monday at the annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America in Chicago.
The court case does not involve another rule that that allows cell customers to keep their phone numbers when they switch wireless companies.
"In the first quarter of 2003, AMD reported a net loss of $146 million, or 42 cents per share, on sales of $715 million."
"Inamed shares dropped as much as about 16 percent on Nasdaq, where it was one of the top percentage losers."
"It would be especially cumbersome for restaurants that change their menus daily, she said."
Their findings were published Monday in Circulation: The Journal of the American Heart Association.
"Peck, who was 87, died peacefully at his Los Angeles home last Thursday with his French-born wife of 48 years, Veronique, at his side."
He is charged in three bombings in Atlanta - including a blast at the 1996 Olympics - along with the bombing in Alabama.
"Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the nation's largest private employer, will now include gays and lesbians in its anti-discrimination policy, company officials said Wednesday."
"The quarterlies usually stay in stores for between six to eight weeks,"" Carney added."
"The strength of demand for credit increases the danger associated with delaying a tightening of policy that is called for on general macroeconomic grounds."""
"A lieutenant colonel in the People's Liberation Army, Yang is the son of a teacher and an official at an agricultural firm."
"Meantime, the Direct Marketing Association said its members should not call the nearly 51 million numbers on the list."
"A day earlier, a committee appointed by President Mohammad Khatami had called for an independent inquiry into the 54-year-old photojournalist's death."
"A similar Florida straw poll in 1991 brought attention to Bill Clinton, according to Democrats."
"The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI added 38 points, or 0.42 percent, to 9,165."
"The findings, published Tuesday in the Journal of the American Medical Association, were the latest bad news about estrogen-progestin therapy."
"Volodymyr Gorbanovsky, deputy general director of the plane's owners, Mediterranean Airlines, said initial information indicated it had veered from its flight path because of fog."
"The S&P rose 13.78, or 1.5 percent, to 930.08, the best level since Jan. 14."
"The important issues are how the political process is being organized, Pleuger told reporters."
"Imam Samudra is charged with playing a key role in the planning and execution of the Oct. 12 attacks, that killed 202 people, mostly foreign tourists."
"If the voluntary reliability standards had been complied with, we wouldn't have had a problem, Mr. Dhaliwal said."
The decision unnerved voting officials who already have been warning they have barely enough time to organize the election.
"Minister Saud al-Faisal's visit was disclosed by two administration officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity."
The study results were released at a meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and also will be published in tomorrow's issue of The New England Journal of Medicine.
But at no stage did ONA receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah was planning to mount an operation in Bali.
"Lee, 33, said the girl had dragged the food, toys and other things into her mother's bedroom."
Tehran has made clear it will only sign the Additional Protocol introducing such inspections if a ban on the import of civilian Western nuclear technology is lifted.
"Bush shot back: ""You're looking pretty young these days."""
"What she told our investigators was that all the babies were born full-term and then died within hours, Hughes said."
"Naim al-Goud, the newly appointed mayor of Hit, said people from outside his region attacked the pipeline."
"Thirty-eight percent of cancer patients in five urban clinics believed the myth that the disease spreads when exposed to air during surgery, according to a survey."
"On Tuesday, figures also showed Italian business confidence slipped again in May to its lowest level in 16 months, doing nothing to discourage rate cut expectations."
"he wasnt like that, except for getting in a couple fights with his dad."
"The document warns of potential panic attacks, psychosis and convulsions in some cases."
There were fears that Heather would never have children after suffering two ectopic pregnancies and cancer of the uterus.
"This year, Peninsula health officials got the money to hire part-time water samplers and purchase testing equipment thanks to a $282,355 grant from the Environmental Protection Agency."
Those children later diagnosed with the most severe autism showed the greatest increase in early rapid head growth compared to those children with milder forms of the disorder.
"I think it happened very quickly, said Investigator Phil Yochum of the Houston Police Department's homicide division."
"New cases might continue to appear until the stratospheric supply of the causative agent becomes exhausted, they said."
To be wedged between these two monsters and hold as well as we did makes it that much better.
"Opposition politicians have described it as a ""major failure in coastal surveillance""."
"Selenski's partner in the Friday jailbreak, Scott Bolton, was injured in the escape and hospitalized."
"The third and final film, ""The Matrix Revolutions,"" will be released in November."
"ConAgra shares closed Monday at $21.63 a share, down 11 cents, on the New York Stock Exchange."
"Until this site was reported, the earliest site in the Bering land bridge area was dated at about 11,000 years ago."
"The U.S. military's task, in this period, is to provide security."
"When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right,"" said Charles Weisselberg, who teaches law at the University of California, Berkeley."
The results are to be published in Wednesday's issue of The Journal of the American Medical Association.
"Nevertheless, PeopleSoft must review Oracle's tender offer and make a recommendation to shareholders."
"He cut his rating for XL shares from ""buy"" to ""neutral"" and said the shares would not ""rebound quickly""."
"BEA Systems Inc. BEAS.O said on Thursday second-quarter profits rose 28 percent, as revenues grew slightly more than Wall Street expected amid a contracting overall market for business software."
"The sponsors said they were not advocating the changes yet, but believed it was worth considering - especially as NATO expands to 26 members."
"Cavender did say: ""I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job."""
Sir John has also told his officers that information from British intelligence indicates there are more al-Qa'eda agents in Britain than previously thought.
"Police chief Superintendent Jesus Verzosa, who heads the national police intelligence group, which had custody of Al-Ghozi, offered his resignation, and Ebdane accepted it."
Representatives of abuse victims expressed dismay at the possibility.
"The steps that the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qaeda are insufficient, Fleischer said."
"Treatment guidelines, many written by medical specialty organizations, outline recommended approaches to many common ailments, ranging from painkillers and exercise for arthritis to surgery for breast cancer."
Scotland Yard's decision to issue new guidance has been prompted by new intelligence passed to Britain by the FBI in late July.
He also recruited other people to take delivery of fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered.
"This deal makes sense for both companies, Halla said in a prepared statement."
It also features Nvidia's own PowerMizer power management system.
"At least two female patients sharing a room and 10 nurses now have fevers or other symptoms, and about 100 of their contacts have been quarantined."
"The attacks came two days after suicide bombers detonated a truck bomb in a Government compound in northern Chechnya, killing 59."
Company spokesman Jack Ferry said a search is ongoing but declined comment on its status.
"One of the FBI's key operatives, who has had a falling-out with the bureau, provided an account of the operation at a friend's closed immigration court proceeding."
"SCO has not shown us any evidence that we violated our agreements, spokeswoman Trink Guarino said."
Legal experts say the case may mark the first time a parent has been convicted of contributing to a child's suicide.
A verbal flare-up between Keating and Mahony began when the cardinal initially refused to participate in that survey unless procedures were changed.
"Other members of the organization are believed to be in Pakistani cities, where many of the arrests of key Al Qaeda operatives have taken place."
South Africa's James Kingston is also on five under after blitzing six birdies on his back nine.
"Still, he noted that Miami must decide whether to seek A.C.C. membership by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines."
"The search was concentrated in northeastern Pennsylvania, but State Police Trooper Tom Kelly acknowledged that Selenski could be out of the area."
"Early Monday, insurgents threw a homemade bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing an American soldier."
"Bush's aides describe Omaha as the most crucial stop, since Senator Ben Nelson, Democrat of Nebraska, has become their top lobbying target on the tax-cut package."
Additional applications and software can be downloaded via the phone or from a PC via a USB connection.
"The steps that the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qaida are insufficient.
1,1357059,1357100,The Smyrna Nissan plant was recently named the most productive automotive manufacturing site in North America, said Kisber.,Last week, a national study ranked Nissan's Smyrna plant the most productive in North America.
0,3406445,3406440,On Hebert's body were his wallet, driver license and cell phone, its batteries drained, Tracy said.,He was identified by his driver's license and cell phone, Utah County Sheriff Jim Tracy said.
1,3009743,3009639,Drewes and a friend were playing a game of ding-dong-ditch"" -- ringing doorbells and running away -- in the Woodbury neighborhood in suburban Boca Raton."
Giving up half the duties is one of several negotiating items where Canada appears to have caved in to U.S. demands and accepted less favourable terms.
"The Government shut down in Washington, and federal offices were to remain closed yesterday."
"With the exception of March 2003, growth in business activity has been reported by ISM members every month beginning with February 2002, the Arizona-based group said."
"First up, Microsoft said a buffer overrun vulnerability occurs because IE does not properly determine an object type returned from a Web server."
"The Agriculture Department already has issued a recall for beef slaughtered along with the infected cow Dec. 9 at a meat company in Moses Lake, Wash."
"The prizes, from the Albert and Mary Lasker Foundation, will be awarded Friday in New York."
The men were remanded in custody and are due to appear again before court on July 8.
"A car and a house were hit in the new shootings, the chief deputy sheriff of Franklin County, Steve Martin, said."
Water samples are being sent to the state health department for analysis.
"Before yesterday, 19 firefighters assigned to wildfires had died on duty this year, said Tracey Powers, spokeswoman for the National Interagency Fire Center in Boise."
The two groups said they would collaborate on the design of future memory technologies.
U.S. District Judge Florence-Marie Cooper is to consider the motions Thursday.
"The news comes after Drax's American owner, AES Corp. AES.N , last week walked away from the plant after banks and bondholders refused to accept its restructuring offer."
"In addition, 37 per cent of executives who expect to make more money cited reduced costs as the main reason."
It fell steadily until it dropped as low as $2.93 billion in 1998 and rose gradually to $3.27 billion for fiscal 2002.
"One senior officer said: ""He's made it plain that if we think we are facing a suicide bomber, we should shoot first and ask questions later."""
Analysts spent yesterday running the red pen through the accounts and are expected to announce further cuts to the company's value.
Bond voiced disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.
"And Thursday, a former Intel exec blasted wireless as too insecure, too complicated, and too difficult to install."
It was third time lucky for the 46-year-old explorer who twice had to abandon attempts to make ballooning history.
"Taiwan reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one-day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making its epidemic the world's fastest-growing."
The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 4.46% from 4.42% late Thursday.
"Gov. Rick Perry opposes expansion of gambling but has said he would be ""hard-pressed"" to veto the lottery sunset bill."
"Analysts attributed its rise to negative news from bankrupt competitor WorldCom Inc. <WCOEQ.PK> and talk that AT&T could be a takeover target, among other factors."
"Microsoft had absolutely nothing to do with AtStake's internal personnel decision, Sundwall said."
"Added to savings on the dividend, C&W's estimated lease commitments, one hurdle to its U.S. escape, fell by 600 million pounds to 1.6 billion."
An attorney for plaintiff schoolchildren said he plans to appeal.
"Elsewhere in theaters this weekend, ""X2"" earned $17.1 million to raise its three-week total to $174 million."
"Fayette City Councilman Cedric Wilson identified the dead as Cpl. James Crump, Officer Arnold Strickland and dispatcher Ace Mealer."
A message left with Spitzer's office as well as Citigroup and Goldman Sachs were not immediately returned.
"The GameCube, a major disappointment in the last fiscal year, trails both Sony's PlayStation 2 and Microsoft' Xbox."
This is just the latest movement in a continuing trend toward open-source support among business application vendors.
"Another is investor disenchantment with U.S. investments, leading them to pull out of U.S. assets--selling dollars as they do so, and driving its exchange rate down."
"That's about to change, now that the government is requiring food labels to reveal exact levels of the artery clogger."
"We acted because we saw the evidence in a dramatic new light, through the prism of our experience on 9/11."
"The inspector general's findings confirm our long-held view that civil liberties and the rights of immigrants were trampled in the aftermath of 9/11."""
The government says the changes are necessary if Israel is to compete successfully in the global marketplace and attract investment.
"Congress passed the measure twice and President Bill Clinton (news - web sites), citing the lack of a health exception, vetoed it."
"It warned that London, among a number of other cities, was facing an increasing threat of a suicide bomb attack."
"Milberg Weiss Bershad Hynes & Lerach filed the lawsuit, which seeks class-action status, on behalf of the Southern Alaska Carpenters Pension Fund in federal court in Manhattan."
"Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices John Paul Stevens, Sandra Day OConnor, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen Breyer agreed with Souter."
"Greenspan's Federal Reserve, the U.S. central bank, decides interest rates in the world's largest economy."
"Claudia Gonzales Herrera, an assistant attorney-general in charge of the case, said the arrests showed that Guatemala took the defence of its Mayan heritage seriously."
The state wanted any insurer doing business there to turn over records of Holocaust-era insurance policies or risk losing their license to do business in the state.
"The director of the Office of Medical Access, Cindy Cripps-Prawak, left her job after the department introduced a plan to distribute marijuana through doctors' offices."
"Close also questions whether it would be worth the cost of licensing third-party software, along with Salesforce.com's rental price."
"The document stated: ""This report does not attempt to address the complexities of this issue."""
"Computer Associates, EMC, IBM, Sun Microsystems, and VERITAS are also onboard to support the storage standard."
The move to rein in the losses of the four upmarket food outlets comes as the retailer seeks to cap the cost of doing business.
"The bill, for somewhere between $100,000 and $250,000, went unnoticed until after the couple's legal defense fund paid out roughly $7 million in fees."
His hatred for these people had germinated from these discussions and helped cement his belief that violence was the panacea.
"Cases of breast cancer in Britain have reached a record high, with the number of women diagnosed with the disease passing the 40,000 mark for the first time."
"In an accompanying editorial, two breast cancer researchers said that the effect of hormones on the breast created a double whammy that was ""almost unique"" in medicine."
"Through Sunday, Sept. 21, Site Finder has been visited over 65 million times by Internet users."
The incident began at 9:40 a.m. when deputies said they received a phone call requesting assistance with a domestic disturbance at the home in the 54-300 block of Avenida Velasco.
"Drax’s troubles began late last year when it lost its most lucrative sales contract, with the insolvent utility TXU Europe."
That would clear the way for debate in the full Senate beginning on Monday.
"These days, death-penalty backers in the legislature acknowledge that they are outnumbered."
"States of emergency were declared in North Carolina, Virginia, Washington DC, Maryland, West Virginia, Delaware, Pennsylvania and New Jersey."
The paper was released by the Computer and Communications Industry Association in Washington.
"Huge fires in Arizona and Colorado scorched forests in areas where thinning projects had meant to reduce the fire threat, but were tied up in appeals, Bush said."
"Dr. Roth also said that hospital efforts to start ""fever clinics"" in parking-lot tents to keep infectious patients out of emergency rooms were ""moving along impressively."""
"The fighting begun May 7 after neighboring Uganda completed the withdrawal of its more than 6,000 soldiers from in an around Bunia."
Dean said his plan would cost about $88 billion annually -- to be paid for by eliminating some of Bush's tax cuts.
Shortness was found twice as often in those with hearing loss.
"It also added that both proposals would allow Vivendi Uni to maintain ""a substantial minority interest in a U.S. media corporation with excellent growth potential."""
Paracha faces at least 17 years in prison if convicted.
"However, one subset of patients, women on hormonal treatment following chemotherapy, ""appeared to show a favorable trend to improvement in survival."""
"Realizing this, the pilot changed course and diverted to Kennedy, which has longer runways."
"Without the shuttle fleet, NASA is relying on the Russian space program to rotate crew members on the International Space Station and send new supplies to the orbiting laboratory."
The global death toll is 770 with more than 8300 people sickened since the severe acute respiratory syndrome virus first appeared in southern China in November.
The legal ruling follows three days of wild volatility in RIM's stock over speculation that PC giant Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.
"Moments later, he hugged his defense lawyers, softly saying, ""Thank you, so much."""
"He said the court's ruling was a great first step toward better coverage for poor Maine residents, but that there was more to be done."
"The Centcom statement said the gunmen appeared to have fired from a mosque in the city, 50 km (32 miles) west of Baghdad."
"Quattrone, 47, was highly influential working in the Palo Alto office of Credit Suisse First Boston during the tech bubble."
"The charges came after the federal government imposed special administrative measures restricting the sheik's access to mail, the telephone and visitors and prohibiting him from speaking with the media."
"The decision came after ""listening to our customers and associates,"" Melissa Berryhill, a spokeswoman for Wal-Mart, said."
Early voting polls will be open from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. Sept. 8 and Sept. 9.
The company has publicly identified Linux as one of its biggest competitive threats.
Defense attorney William Rork said he thought Walker would ask him to appeal Parrish's ruling to a higher state court and perhaps U.S. District Court.
"Mr. Misfeldt agreed to surrender $346,807 in trading profits and $111,595 in interest."
"Sir Wilfred Thesiger, writer, explorer and chronicler of the world's vanishing ways of life, has died at age 93."
"The study focused on the 35,561 people who had never smoked, but who lived with a spouse who did."
"Pittsburgh, West Virginia, Rutgers, Connecticut and Virginia Tech filed the lawsuit this month in Hartford, Conn."
"The legislation, approved 12-3 by the House Commerce Committee, may allow Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. to fend off a takeover attempt by Indianapolis-based Simon Property Group Inc."
"Albuquerque Mayor Martin Chavez said investigators felt confident that with the arrests they had ""at least one of the fires resolved."""
"We must defend those whom we dislike or even despise, said Neal Sonnett, a Miami lawyer who headed an ABA task force on enemy combatants."
Belcher said the airport's conference room was serving as a makeshift shelter for several area families who hiked up the wooded hillside in advance of rising water.
"Trans fats are created when vegetable oil has been partially hydrogenated, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain products."
"In jihad, we are not allowed to kill women, except those who join the war (against Islam)."""
"United Airways plans to offer in-flight, two-way e-mail on all domestic flights by the end of the year, becoming the first U.S. carrier to do so."
"And because it is so far out in international water, salvage company Odyssey Marine Exploration doesn't have to share the wealth with coastal state governments."
"I didn't see either one today, but if they're here and wave from the side, I'll certainly wave to them, Bloomberg said."
"That compares with January 2000, when laptops represented less than 25 percent of sales volume, NPD said."
"Both rebels and government forces, including those loyald to Taylor, have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite a peace deal."
"The two blond opponents appeared almost identical because they wore matching powder-blue outfits - to their dismay."""
"Morgenthau said the women, all U.S. citizens, lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages."
It's a cluster of 44 IBM servers with a peak speed of 7.3 trillion calculations per second.
"Last Saturday, a six-wheeled robot developed by NASA landed on Mars and began sending back images of the planet."
"Freddie Mac shares were off $7.87, or 13.2 percent, at $52 in midday trading on the New York Stock Exchange."
"She continued: ""Our research neither suggests nor indicates that PCO/PCOS causes lesbianism, only that PCO/PCOS is more prevalent in lesbian women."
"A move to legalize marijuana for medical use was defeated yesterday in the state House of Representatives, 79-64."
She leaves her birdie putt some three feet short but drops her par putt.
"U.S. forces organized the elections, which officials said were a step toward establishing democracy in the nation."
"Among the evidence seized by detectives was an animal skull with a nail driven through its head, which may have been used in a ""black magic"" ceremony."
"Just before dawn Tuesday, searchers found the body of Melissa Rogers, 33, of Liberty, Mo."
"Mr. Muhammad, 42, and 18-year-old Lee Boyd Malvo, who goes on trial separately Nov. 10, were arrested Oct. 24, 2002, at a Maryland highway rest stop."
"About 1,000 people came in stifling heat to begin two days of observances tied to the coming 40th anniversary of the March on Washington on Aug. 28, 1963."
Cheney returned Barbour's favorable introduction by touting Barbour's work as chair of the Republican National Committee.
"The couple left behind two boys, Robert, 6, and Michael, 10."
"They said progress towards resolving the nuclear issue and progress in the trade talks were ""interdependent, essential and mutually reinforcing elements of EU-Iran relations""."
A two-week transition period will begin no later than June 7.
Salesforce.com rents software that helps corporate sales people track customer accounts and sales leads.
"Mr. Weill's longtime confidant, Charles O. Prince, 53, was named as his successor."
"It is probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program, but then again, I look forward to the challenge, he said."
"I think this moves us a lot closer toward saying that foam can do this kind of damage, Hubbard said."
"The Standard & Poor's 500 Index shed 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York."
They appear in the Oct. 23 issue of The New England Journal of Medicine.
"Under current law, dividends are taxed at standard income tax rates up to 38.6 percent."
"Germany, another opponent of the war currently on the U.N. Security Council, in recent weeks has moved closer to Washington and did not insist on a timetable."
"Villalona put it more bluntly: ``He did a bad job going up there,'' he said."
"Three months into the study, the Atkins group had lost an average of about 15 pounds, compared with five for the low-fat group."
The SEC specifically advised IBM that this is a fact-finding investigation and that it has not reached any conclusions related to this matter.
"Advances in AIDS treatments in recent years, some experts say, may be undermining efforts to promote safer-sex practices."
Early voting will run weekdays from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. through Sept. 9.
"Ride will be enshrined along with astronauts Story Musgrave, Robert ""Hoot"" Gibson and Daniel Brandenstein."
"Some 11.8 million shares have changed hands, well above its daily average over 10 days of 6.8 million."
"Sanchez de Lozada promised a referendum on the gas project, a reform of energy laws and constitutional changes."
"After about three hours of negotiations, the gunman released the hostages when authorities delivered on his request for a six-pack of soda."
A Stage 1 episode is declared when ozone levels reach 0.20 parts per million.
"Tito Barbini, a regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy, criticized the absence Tuesday in Sacramento."
"If convicted under the new law, Zuccarini faces a maximum of four years in prison and a $250,000 fine."
Scholars in medical ethics have said the notion of medicating people to improve their mental health to the point where they may be executed can present formidable obstacles for doctors.
He is the first and only cloned sterile hybrid.
"Indeed, analyst Mike King of Banc of America Securities downgraded Genentech yesterday to a ""sell"" before the company released its colon cancer news."
"Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will couple with Friends on Thursdays."
NBC also plans to shelve Crossing Jordan until January as star Jill Hennessy has her first child.
It's been a busy couple of days for enterprise security gurus tasked with the job of keeping their companies safe and sound.
"Shares jumped almost 7 percent in pre-open trading, rising to $18.26 from $17.05 at Tuesday's close."
"As part of a 2001 agreement to extradite them from Canada, prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty."
"Peterson, 30, is awaiting trial on two counts of murder for the deaths of his wife, Laci, and their unborn son."
Service officials said Carlson refused to recuse himself from the case.
"Along with chip maker Intel, the companies include Sony, Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard, International Business Machines, Gateway, Nokia and others."
"LBANY, Aug. 8 Joseph L. Bruno, the State Senate majority leader, announced today that he had prostate cancer."
"Under terms of the agreement, Legato stockholders will receive 0.9 shares of EMC common stock for each Legato share they hold."
"The Skagit was expected to crest during the night at 38 feet at Mount Vernon, 10 feet above flood stage, the National Weather Service said."
"According to the Census Bureau, the Hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent from the April 2000 census figures."
"Second, I am responsible for the approval process in my agency."
"Greg Robinson, a doctor who has AIDS, resigned from Health Canada's advisory committee because of what he described as inconsistencies in the access program."
Boeing said yesterday that Southwest exercised options to purchase 15 737s for delivery next year.
Russian cosmonaut Malenchenko achieved a first earlier this month when he married his earth-bound fiancee by video link.
Tight media controls and the remote location of the clash made it impossible to confirm what happened.
Charlie Chan is off the case for the Fox Movie Channel.
"For example, Anhalt said, children typically treat a 20-ounce soda bottle as one serving, although it actually contains 2 ½ 8-ounce servings."
Jirsa will be introduced as the 25th Marshall basketball coach today at a press conference in the Henderson Center’s Big Green Room.
"According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, wages among all nongovernment workers rose an average 2.7 percent from July 2002 through June 2003."
"ESPN reported that Knight's two-year deal is worth $2.38 million, including a $300,000 signing bonus."
"It is highly conditional, faces significant regulatory delays and uncertainty, and threatens serious damage to our business."
"Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end."
"Strikingly, the poll saw very little difference between women and men in their feelings about the former First Lady."
"In Taiwan, officials handed out free thermometers in an island-wide ``take-your-temperature'' campaign amid signs containment efforts were paying off."
"It was the most serious breach of royal security since 1982 when an intruder, Michael Fagan, found his way into the Queen's bedroom at Buckingham Palace."
"At the United Nations, the United States and Britain are seeking backing for their agenda to hand over power to Iraqis."
"Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John Warner, R-Va., said he plans hearings."
The US on Tuesday filed a long-anticipated case in the World Trade Organisation aimed at forcing the European Union to lift its de facto moratorium on genetically modified foods.
"A lawyer for Bashir, Mahendradatta, said earlier his client was mentally prepared for a heavy sentencing demand and had felt the Marriott bombing would affect the decision."
"At that time, Rambus accused Infineon of patent infringement and Infineon countersued Rambus for breach of contract and fraud."
Kimmitt said the operation was a show of force as the military steps up security against threats of attacks over the Christmas holiday by Baghdad's 14 identified guerrilla cells.
The cargo was to be taken to a Turkish refinery on the Aegean coast.
"She loved them so much, added Blossom Medley, who also looked after Johnson's foster kids."
"The son of circus trapeze artists turned vaudevillians, O'Connor was carried onstage for applause when he was 3 days old."
"On April 11, Mayor Bart Peterson conceded that the facility's fate was inevitable, quashing the hopes of the airline's 1,500 local workers, including 1,100 mechanics."
"The day may come, Judge Wolf continued, ""when a court properly can and should declare the ultimate sanction to be unconstitutional in all cases."
It has also said it would review all of its domestic employees more than 1 million to ensure they have legal status.
"Matthew Lovett, 18, of Oaklyn, N.J., was among those arrested."
"The Supreme Court justices agreed to hear an appeal involving a California atheist whose 9-year-old daughter, like most elementary school children, hears the Pledge of Allegiance recited daily."
"We feel so strongly about this issue that we are suspending sales and distribution of SCO Linux until these issues are resolved."""
Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas dissented.
"It looks very much like an isolated event, World Health Organization spokeswoman Maria Cheng said."
"By its actions, the Bush administration threatens to give a bad name to a just war, the Connecticut Democrat told a Capitol Hill news conference."
"Early Friday, the SWAT team burst in and found Hoffine dead."
"Since Hulett dramatically expanded its shipments to the US in 2000, it has captured a significant share of the US market."
"Still, changes to IE ""may affect a large number of existing Web pages,"" according to the W3C's notice."
It is for that reason that legal scholars said Judge Nottingham's decision was at least plausible.
"The quick conviction followed a 2 1/2 week trial, during which the Venango County man represented himself."
"The men had Pakistani passports and reportedly were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening, law enforcement sources said."
Authorities interviewed O'Dell in Pennsylvania over the weekend after identifying her through records at Customer Storage Rentals.
"Jay Fishman, 51, chairman and chief executive of St Paul, will be chief executive of the combined company."
"Attackers detonated a second roadside bomb later yesterday as a U.S. convoy was travelling near Falluja, just west of Baghdad, killing an U.S. soldier and wounding three others."
"According to the GBI, Ms. Peeler and Mr. Jones were never legally married but had a common-law marriage."
"But the yen's gains were capped by wariness about Japanese intervention, with some traders reporting irregular bids around 118 yen that could be from the Bank of Japan."
"Witness Zulfiqar Ali, who was slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the attackers had focused on the mosque's guards."
"Dotson was arrested July 21 after telling FBI agents he shot Dennehy when Dennehy tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit."
Secretary of State Colin Powell said yesterday that contacts with Iran would continue.
The FBI arrested a suburban Chicago man Wednesday and charged him with secretly collecting information on individuals in the United States who opposed Saddam Hussein's Iraqi government.
"Doctors said that one or both of the boys may die and that if they survive, some brain damage is possible."
"The fawn, named for university researcher Duane Kraemer, turns 7 months old today."
"It was to fly a plane into the White House, Mr. Karas said."
"While federal prosecutors refuse to discuss the investigation, lawyers and others familiar with it say it remains focused on Campbell."
The state is setting up relief services and mobile communications after power was wiped out in the town.
"It said the patents were ""allegedly"" assigned to Syndia in 2001 through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership."
Vivendi argues the agreement was not approved by its board and that the payoff was inappropriate given the state of Vivendi's finances at the time.
"There is, however, no photograph of Dr Hollingworth in the June issue of the magazine examined by The Age yesterday."
The matter could then be sent to the U.N. Security Council.
"By 2040, retirees will account for a third of the population, up from a fifth today."
"France, Russia, China and even staunch ally Britain had advocated a stronger U.N. role, which they said was needed to give a U.S.-backed Iraqi authority international legitimacy."
"Kelly Boggs, Baptist Press' weekly columnist, will be writing a column each day during the Southern Baptist Convention's annual meeting this week in Phoenix."
"In an advertisement for the book, Berg says, ""More than my remembrances, this book intends to convey hers."""
"JetBlue shares fell $1.86, or 5.4 percent, to $32.75 in late morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market after the deal was announced."
He said the allegations were that certain cereals companies were tipped off to grain prices two hours before they were officially available.
Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi said Mr Ota deserved to be criticised.
"Waksal pleaded guilty to insider trading charges last year, and he is scheduled to be sentenced June 10."
"The Food and Drug Administration ultimately denied ImClone's drug application in December 2001, saying that an Erbitux clinical trial was deficient."
"Lawrence E. Alibozek, his former deputy chief of staff, pleaded guilty to accepting cash and gold coins in exchange for influencing state contracts."
"The Pentagon statement said that allowing Hamdi access to a lawyer ""is not required by domestic or international law and should not be treated as a precedent."""
"Ruffner, 45, does not have a lawyer on the murder charge, authorities said."
"There are no plans to build permanent U.S. bases in Africa, Defense Department officials say."
"In 2001, Nash helped found an after-school nonviolence program named after a college student who was fatally shot by a 14-year-old gang member, program supervisor Alexis Lukas said."
"Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling...against little or no competition, Hubach said in the statement."
"Michel, who has stayed in the new government, denied that it was U.S. pressure which had provoked the government's move."
Judge Elizabeth Long heard arguments in the state case Thursday.
"Former Secretary of State Bill Jones, another potential major candidate, had not divulged his plans Tuesday."
The Kenilworth-based company said it believes the letter shows that the government plans to pursue a criminal indictment and likely has substantial evidence supporting an indictment.
"Federal agents said Friday they are investigating the thefts of 1,100 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week."
"But Senator Hill appeared unaware of the intelligence problems that have been of serious concern to US, Australian and British military intelligence officers."
"According to the company filings, the investigation ""appears to be focused on certain accounting practices common to the interactive entertainment industry, with specific emphasis on revenue recognition."""
"MTA officials appropriated the surplus money to later years' budgets without notifying riders or the MTA board members when the 50-cent hike was being considered, he said."
He also noted that Tenet has provided the committee with 19 volumes of documents on prewar intelligence which has been made available to House members.
"For lofts, the board proposed increases of 4 percent for one-year leases and 7 percent for two-year renewals."
"State Rep. Ron Wilson, a Houston Democrat, joined nine Republicans in approving the bill Saturday."
"Sutherland is the 65-year-old computing pioneer who co-founded Evans & Sutherland, which made high-performance graphics computers."
A sour forecast from Sun Microsystems Inc. SUNW.O put more pressure on Wall Street before the quarterly earnings season.
He plans to announce the effort formally tomorrow in Cincinnati alongside several union presidents.
"The announcement comes one day after Scott Charney, Microsoft's global security chief, reiterated Microsoft's promises to simplify the way it distributes patches to customers."
"For us, that doesn't make a difference - the sexual orientation, Archbishop Tutu said in the black urban centre of Soweto."
"Mr Hughes, who trains three hours a day to accelerate the healing process, has lost 17 kilos since October."
"Its attackers had to launch their strike from hundreds of metres away, with a makeshift rocket launcher disguised as a portable electric generator."
"None of Prairie Plant's marijuana can be distributed until the Health Canada's user manual is made available, she said."
Delta personnel at Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport scrambled all day to find alternate flights -- including seats on other airlines -- to move the inconvenienced passengers.
The report was found last week tucked inside a training manual that belonged to Hicks.
"He said the consequences of the rapes had been ""catastrophic"" for the women involved and for the many mixed-race children they bore, who have been shunned in their communities."
"Wells' other series include NBC's ""ER"" and ""Third Watch."""
"Identical wording was introduced in the Senate last week by three Republicans: Wayne Allard of Colorado, Jeff Sessions of Alabama and Sam Brownback of Kansas."
"Until more facts are presented, Lindows.com will not take a position as to the validity of the claims presented by either side, Lindows said in a statement."
"In Al-Fallujah, two grenades were thrown Thursday at soldiers from the 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment, wounding seven, none seriously."
It also features a 4.5 in back-lit LCD screen and memory expansion facilities.
"In a news release Thursday, Strayhorn said this was the first time a comptroller rejected a budget."
The purpose of the hearing is to determine whether Akbar should be court-martialled.
"The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> fell 0.70 points, or 0.07 percent, to 1,069.42."
He said the prob lem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet flies again.
Juries in state and federal cases alike have also grown reluctant to impose the death penalty.
Their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow.
"I have lots of bad dreams, flashbacks and lots of anger."""
"Mr. McCall, who ran unsuccessfully for governor of New York in 2002, styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance."
"He has declined to comment on the charges, but court documents show that a lingering medical condition could contribute to his defense."
Eddington is to meet the other two unions separately later on Monday.
"Prosecutors allege that Nichols and coconspirator Timothy McVeigh worked together to prepare a 4,000-pound fuel-and-fertilizer bomb that destroyed the Murrah building."
"Josephine Burke, who ran the illegal day care, served four months in prison on misdemeanor assault and child-neglect charges."
One Republican flier cited a 3.8 percent increase in the S&P 500 stock index since passage of the tax cuts in May.
The jurors were taken into the courtroom in groups of 40 and asked to fill out a questionnaire.
"The company, based in King of Prussia near Philadelphia, said it could liquidate the other two chains if it cannot find a buyer for them."
"Mark Beaumont, a staff writer at music magazine NME, said he doesn't expect a rapturous welcome for Jackson if he goes ahead with his visit to England."
Winners will be announced in a June 8 ceremony broadcast on CBS from Radio City Music Hall.
The OneNote note-taking tool is listed at $273 while the InfoPath XML data gathering application is priced at $289.
"Researchers at Sweden's Karolinska Institute recently went over data from more than 2,000 children treated with radiation for a harmless birthmark condition between 1930 and 1959."
"Intel on Wednesday unveiled its next-generation processor for cell phones, PDAs, and other wireless devices."
"We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight,"" Daschle of South Dakota wrote the Republican president."
"Late last week, sources told Reuters cable TV company Comcast Corp. CMCSA.O also was looking at buying VUE assets."
"Alhart said the governor ""remains hopeful that the city will continue to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions."""
"Dell has 32 percent of the PC market in the United States, but it has only a 10 percent share in the rest of the world."
"The state will consider the police memorial after planning is completed on another memorial to all the victims, said Micah Rasmussen, a spokesman for Gov. James E. McGreevey."
"The Regents math exam is required for graduation, but Mills reversed course after an estimated 63 percent of students statewide failed the exam."
"After posting $3 million bail, Jackson flew to Las Vegas, where he had been working on a video."
Last month Intel raised its revenue guidance for the quarter to between $7.6 billion and $7.8 billion.
"Merrill Lynch upgraded the business software maker to ""buy"" from ""neutral"" with a 12-month price target of $15."
"But none of the ministers opposed Mr. Powell's suggestion outright on Thursday, the ministers said."
"There is no conscious policy of the United States, I can assure you of this, to move the dollar at all, he said."
Loyalists are also believed to be behind attacks on oil pipelines and fields that are crucial to Iraq's economic recovery.
"AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices might have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals made up for it."
The stock had risen 44 cents in the past four trading sessions.
"Kelly said Rumsfeld, in a November interview, made the unsolicited suggestion that this year's honor go to all men and women who wear the U.S. uniform."
"The consumer-confidence index came in at 83.5 in June, down slightly from a revised 83.6 in May, the Conference Board said."
Ms Grinspun's concerns came after two emergency room nurses tried to warn doctors at the hospital in mid-May that five family members had SARS-like symptoms.
"Moroccan Interior Minister Al Mustapha Sahel told state-run 2M television late Saturday the investigation ""points to a group that has been arrested recently"" an apparent reference to Salafist Jihad."
Comstock said several federal courts have ruled that the detentions are fully within the law.
"We can't change the past, but we can do a lot about the future, Sheehan said hours after arriving in Phoenix."
"The investment gives Larkspur, Calif.-based BayStar more than 2.9 million shares of SCO common stock, or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares."
"Electrons come down from the polysilicon emitter, accelerate through the SiGe base and make a turn in the SOI layer towards the collector contact electrode, the company said."
"Close cooperation between regional law enforcement agencies and intelligence services was at the heart of the fight against terrorism, he said."
Her detention brings to 19 the number of the 55 who have been caught.
"Mr. Geoghan was taken to the University of Massachusetts Memorial Health Alliance Hospital in Leominster, Mass., where he died at 1:17 p.m."
"Carter, who received the Nobel Peace Prize last year, met in Tokyo yesterday with Japan's prime minister, Junichiro Koizumi."
Tim Hortons' same-store sales in Canada rose by 6.7 per cent.
"The Federal Trade Commission asked Congress yesterday for broader powers to attack the rapidly growing problem of spam, which new studies show accounts for half of all e-mail traffic."
"Dynes will be paid $395,000 a year; Atkinson's salary is $361,400."
"The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was up 17.48 points, or 0.95 percent, at 1,863.18."
"Tate was 12 when he was charged with beating Tiffany Eunick, 6, to death in July 1999."
"In 1993, villagers presented the Methodist Church of Fiji with Baker's boots — which cannibals tried unsuccessfully to cook and eat."
"Thursday morning, PeopleSoft's board rejected the Oracle takeover offer."
Selenski had served about seven years in prison for bank robbery.
"Amazon's shares yesterday closed at $54.32 on the Nasdaq Stock Market, up 29 cents."
"In July, PC-related products were the strongest sector with microprocessors up 5.6 per cent and DRAMs up 8.2 per cent over June."
"The interview, which also focuses on Schwarzenegger's training routines and prowess as a bodybuilder, was re-printed this week on the Web Site www.thesmokinggun.com."
The launch marks the start of a race to find life on another planet.
Ragin and Hayes were accused of using a phony tuxedo rental business as a front for laundering proceeds from stolen credit cards.
"State air regulators and three automakers have agreed to settle a lawsuit challenging the nation's toughest auto emissions program, according to a spokesman for California's air board."
"This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals, Raymond said."
"UK retail like-for-like sales for the 17 weeks to December 27 were flat, with gross margin down two percentage points."
"It also required that existing televisions, VCRs, DVD players and related equipment will remain fully functional under the new broadcast flag system."
"The energy task force evaluated regions of the world that are vital to global energy supply, the statement said."
"Mr. Spitzer said in a statement that the sentence ""reflects the seriousness with which our office and the courts view these crimes."""
"Once the legislation enters into force, it opens the way for police and other personnel to be deployed to Solomon Islands and to carry out law-enforcement functions."
"Mr. Mills declined to comment yesterday, saying that he never discussed personnel matters."
"The other 18 people in the building, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend, were not injured, police spokesman Don Aaron said."
"If Mrs Clinton does decide to contest the 2008 election, she cannot announce her candidacy before 2006, which is when she faces re-election for the Senate."
"Sub-indexes measuring prices, new orders, inventories and exports increased."
"Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas denounced the helicopter strike as a ""criminal and terrorist"" Israeli attack."
"Copps, one of two Democrats on the five-member commission, has pushed for harsher penalties against radio and television stations that violate indecency laws."
Last week the Securities and Exchange Commission said its staff was preparing to draw up rules to combat trading abuses.
The upgrade will be available as a free download for current customers with SmarNet support in January 2004.
"At the Casa de Espaa, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo when a bomb went off."
"While Qureia is respected and has a history of negotiating with the Israelis, a warm welcome is not expected."
"Shares of Smithfield rose $1.64 yesterday to close at $20.85, a rise of 8.5 per cent, on the New York Stock Exchange."
The e-mails reveal the close relationship between Boeing and the Air Force.
"He admits that the law ""has several weaknesses which terrorists could exploit, undermining our defenses."""
"In 1998, a 33-year-old man died after he was struck by a metal cleat at the Columbia ship attraction."
"We have found the smoking gun, said Hubbard, director of NASA's Ames Research Center in California."
"They found that 6.4 percent of men on finasteride had high-grade tumors, compared to 5.1 percent taking a placebo."
"Sen. Ron Wyden, D-Ore., said the ""idea of a federal betting parlor on atrocities and terrorism is ridiculous and grotesque,"" WBAL reported."
The US acknowledgment that it suspects that Mohammed killed Pearl was first reported in yesterday's editions of the Journal.
"The record-setting pace of new personal bankruptcies continued in the 12 months ending Sept. 30, with their number rising 7.8 percent, according to data released Friday."
"Clinton’s national security adviser, Sandy Berger, said in an interview that the White House was not informed of the FBI activities."
We'll be listening carefully to the (IAEA) director-general's report at the next board meeting.
"The Rev. Christopher Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, did not immediately return several calls seeking comment."
"Wal- Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations."
A judge already has ruled that double-jeopardy protections don't apply in the case.
"A gunman stormed into the Lakeside post office and took two employees hostage Wednesday, San Diego County authorities said."
"It will theoretically be able to transfer data at a rate of up to 20 megabytes per second under optimal conditions, according to Sony."
The legislation came after U.S. District Judge Lee R. West in Oklahoma City ruled last week that the FTC lacked authority to run the registry.
"In July 2002, PWC paid $5 million to settle alleged violations of auditor independence rules."
"Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack sat in the front row of the court, but few Balinese attended the trial."
"Cruz looked like a police sketch of the suspect and had injuries consistent with what police expected from the struggle he had with Jennette's mother, Chief William Lansdowne said."
Analysts also said they were disappointed by the company's $68 million pre-tax charge for weather-related and overhead costs on its Polar Tanker crude oil tanker program.
NBC also announced that it has extended its deal with Warner Brothers Television to keep ER on the air for at least three more seasons.
"The quick conviction followed a 2 1/2 week trial, during which the Venango County man represented himself."
"Most economists had been expecting a far more dire report, with many expecting to see the fifth month of job losses in six months in September."
"The Cubans were spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m. Tuesday and two vessels were sent out to the area, Petty Officer Ryan Doss said."
"The GAO found that cable rates have increased by 40 percent during the past five years, far above the 12 percent inflation in that period."
WSE version 2 is available from Microsoft's developer Web site.
"South San Francisco, Calif.'s Genentech, the world's No. 2 biotech company, advanced 6.6 percent to $66.73."
The readings came back at 160 on June 16 and 120 at June 23 at one of three sampling sites at Huntington Beach.
"Dan Powers, IBM vice president of grid-computing strategy, says he's not worried about off-the-shelf PC clusters threatening traditional supercomputer sales."
"Manuel and his group entered the US the same way thousands of people do every day, by walking across the bridge between Matamoros and Brownsville."
"The fire began about two hours later after an explosion likely caused by a steam leak, Miami-Dade Police Director Carlos Alvarez said."
"BAT also said Antonio Monteiro de Castro, director for Latin America and the Caribbean, would become chief operating officer on January 1, 2004."
"I wanted to bring the most beautiful people into the most beautiful building, Tunick said Sunday."
"Tornadoes continue to tear across the U.S. Midwest after ripping through six states, killing as many as 29 people, the Associated Press reported."
"Nine other countries, including Australia, Chile, Colombia, El Salvador and Mexico, are supporting the case."
"Excluding food and energy costs, the core CPI is seen rising 0.2 percent, matching the July figure."
"Worldwide, Les Misérables has been seen by over 50 million people, with a total gross of over $2 billion."
"Of those, 14 were passengers sitting within four seats of the SARS patient and two were flight attendants, Ryan said."
"Our prognosis for a continued and steady recovery is being realized and the outlook remains bright, said Greg Stuart, president and CEO of the IAB."
"Zilkha conceded in a statement issued today that his group may have fallen ""a bit short."""
"I am therefore unaware of any genuine entries concerning rapes by British servicemen in police records, the spokesman said."
The high today will be about 92 degrees and will drop to 90 degrees Sunday and Monday.
"It upheld fallback rules that bar the same groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time."
"In 1993, after nine years in prison, Bloodsworth was cleared with evidence gathered from a semen stain on the victim's panties."
"At 2:25 p.m., the King County medical examiner confirmed the remains were human, Larson said."
The group said it is not taking a position on whether Davis should be recalled and will not endorse a replacement candidate.
"Douglas Robinson, CA senior vice president, finance, will fill the position in the interim."
"His band in the early 1930s included pianist Teddy Wilson, saxophonist Chu Berry, trombonist J.C. Higginbotham and drummer Sid Catlett."
They said the company knowingly underestimated to the FDA the number of safety complaints involving the device.
"Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, inspectors will be fingerprinting and photographing many foreign passengers arriving in Atlanta."
Barrera said Luster gave police a false name immediately after his arrest Wednesday but later revealed his true identity.
"Thousands of pounds of fireworks inside the Lamb Entertainment's warehouse and packed in the tractor-trailer rig exploded, the ATF said."
"Georgia cannot afford to not get funding,"" said county health director Dr. Melinda Rowe."
Three men and two women who were at the property were arrested under Section 41 of the Terrorism Act 2000.
Barclays chief executive Matt Barrett also said he had advised his children never to use credit cards.
"The 90-minute exchange took place at a debate, focusing on the issues of interest to young people, broadcast live from Faneuil Hall in Boston."
Meningitis is an infection of the fluid in a person's spinal cord and around the brain.
The attacks are often fuelled by a mix of tribal hatreds and a desire to spread terror in the region.
"Enter the Miami police chief, John Timoney, an avowed enemy of activist ""punks"", who classified FTAA opponents as ""outsiders coming in to terrorise and vandalise our city""."
"They also are reshaping the retail-business relationship, as companies take away concepts and practices that change how they do business internally and with others."
"Many of the changes are improvements to the original plan, Libeskind said."
It also disclosed that sales -- a figure closely watched by analysts as a barometer of its health -- were significantly higher than industry experts expected.
"A White House spokesman added that Iran had ""one last chance"" to comply with its disarmament obligations."
In 1999 a California state senator proposed a law requiring motorists over the age of 75 to take driving tests to renew their licenses.
"Also hurting was news General Motors GM.N was to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan."
"That's the highest third-quarter growth rate we've seen in over 25 years,"" CFO Andy Bryant told the Associated Press."
Pauley also announced Thursday that she has struck a deal with Random House to pen two books.
"This blackout was largely preventable, said Spencer Abraham, US energy secretary."
"The executive board decided to refer this to the capitals, the Korean Energy Development Organization said."
"They patrol borders, analyze U.S. intelligence, respond to emergencies and guard against terrorism, among other tasks."
"Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now, said Goodrich, also director of pediatric neurosurgery at the Children's Hospital at Montefiore."
"Authorities picked up Dotson on July 21 after he called 911, saying he needed help because he was hearing voices, authorities said."
Rowland was making an appearance at a holiday party for families of Connecticut National Guard soldiers assigned to duty in Iraq and Afghanistan.
The yield on the 3 percent note maturing in 2008 fell 22 basis points to 2.61 percent.
"Sixteen days later, as superheated air from the shuttle’s re-entry rushed into the damaged wing, ‘‘there was no possibility for crew survival,’’ the board said."
"Amrozi did not reveal, and was not asked, the identity of his boss."
"BA said the second quarter, which included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow, had been difficult."
The company also argued that Lexmark was trying to squash competition by installing a microchip on its toner cartridges to make it difficult for third-party manufacturers to make generic cartridges.
"He would often call me for advice, said lawyer Ron Kuby, a friend who had represented him in court."
"Lao officials on Friday called on France, its former colonial ruler, to help the country find an alternative investor to replace EdF."
"News Corp. posted net profit of $275 million, or 21 cents per American Depositary Receipt, for the fiscal third quarter ended March 31."
The number of lung transplants also increased from 30 to 64 and the average waiting time for a lung fell from 290 days to 87 days.
It is the first major industrial plant project that Leighton has managed.
"The time has come to make public places smoke-free, they wrote in a letter to the Times newspaper."
It is routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT team to rigorously test new platforms and technology inside IBM.
Ernst & Young spokesman Kenneth Kerrigan said the firm admits no wrongdoing.
"About 130,000 US soldiers remain in Iraq, with others serving in Afghanistan, South Korea, Japan, Germany and elsewhere."
"He said yesterday that the film is ""meant to inspire, not offend."""
The affidavit said Mr. al-Amoudi made at least 10 trips to Libya using one Yemeni and two U.S. passports.
"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilization, Mr. Powell said in a speech to fellow NATO ministers."
Four people were killed and 50 injured in the attacks.
Officer Evans had declined written and telephone requests for an interview.
"The average teacher is a 15-year veteran with a growing workload and slightly eroding interest in staying in teaching, the work force portrait shows."
We firmly believe that we have an absolute right to use the common word 'spike' to name our network.
"Governor Rowland said his decision was ""not based on any one event."""
"Griffith, 77, grew up in Mount Airy and now lives in Manteo."
"Quattrone is accused of attempting to obstruct justice by endorsing that e-mail, which encouraged co-workers to destroy files on profitable investment banking deals."
"Drinking caffeinated coffee, you see, may significantly reduce your risk of type 2 diabetes, the most common form of the disease."
"The nation's capital was quiet today, with the federal government shut down for the second day."
"The warnings were issued on Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia, Tanzania and Uganda."
"A recent poll showed Edwards in a virtual four-way tie at the top in South Carolina, and he plans a rally there later on Tuesday."
The DHWG says it will instead create a format that can be used by all devices but can accommodate other formats.
There is a tradition of Labor Day racing in the Inland Valley.
"For the same reason Dell and Gateway can get TVs, there's no reason Wal-Mart can't get computers, Baker said."
"Please, keep doing your homework, said Bavelier, the mother of 6-year-old twins and a 2-year old."
"On Sunday, four Palestinian militants were killed by an explosion in the northern Gaza Strip."
The company's chief executive retired and chief financial officer resigned.
"The affidavit says al-Amoudi was detained Aug. 16 attempting to travel from London to Damascus, Syria."
"Those rating present business conditions as 'bad' increased to 30.4 per cent from 28.1 per cent, the report said."
Mr. Ebbers' attorney Reid Weingarten said he expects Mr. Ebbers to be exonerated.
Recall proponents say they have turned in nearly twice the number of necessary signatures.
It is one of only three states in the Arab League to hold full diplomatic relations with Israel.
H-P came in second with nearly $3.32 billion in sales and 26 percent of the market's revenue.
"The software maker is seeking to simplify creation of BizTalk applications by tying it more tightly to its flagship development tool, Visual Studio.Net."
British Airways plans to retire its seven Concordes at the end of October.
"I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic, Health Minister Jean-Francois Mattei said on France Inter radio."
"She also noted that Intel's servers were not harmed and that the thousands of Hamidi e-mail recipients were able to request that the e-mails stop, which Hamidi honored."
"In Nigeria alone, the report estimated that between 100,000 and 1 million girls and women are suffering from the condition."
"Four people were found shot to death along a highway Tuesday and four others were wounded in a dispute that apparently involved immigrant smugglers, officials said."
"Michael Suen, the secretary for housing, planning and lands, said after the ruling that Hong Kong's cabinet would meet ""very soon"" to decide whether to resume construction."
"I'm really excited about going to Cleveland, James told ESPN.com."
"Nokia's market share for the second quarter is estimated to be higher than the first quarter, 2003."""
Operating revenues rose to $1.45 billion from $1.38 billion last year.
"Feeling rejection as an acute pain may have developed as a defence mechanism for the species, Eisenberger said."
"The panels outline the twin towers' history, including their construction, the 1993 bombing and their ultimate destruction by terrorists on Sept. 11, 2001."
District Superintendent J. Chester Floyd told reporters Monday that McCrackin will be reassigned within the district.
"Quattrone, 47, is charged with obstruction of justice and witness tampering."
"Our outcomes are very encouraging, George Mason researcher Ken Alibek said."
The study also found that skin cancer nearly tripled in Norway and Sweden since the 1950s.
"Gartner Inc. also raised its worldwide PC shipment forecast in August to 8.9 percent growth for 2003, up from expectations of 7.2 percent."
Gibson said in a June statement that he and his film are not anti-Semitic.
"The Company has always made, and continues to make, exceptional customer service and customer satisfaction a top priority in all business practices,"" AOL added."
"Moroccan Interior Minister Al Mustapha Sahel told state-run 2M television late Saturday the investigation ""points to a group that has been arrested recently"" an apparent reference to Salafist Jihad."
"Kenneth ""Supreme"" McGriff was sentenced to 37 months by U.S. District Judge J. Frederick Motz for illegally possessing a handgun as a convicted felon at a Maryland firing range."
Eighty-six U.N. workers who were wounded in Tuesday's bombing were airlifted out for medical care.
