"On Wednesday, Judge Pollack dismissed another case, this one against Merrill Lynch investors in the firm's Global Technology Fund."
"It ended a diplomatic drought between the two nations, at odds for months over North Korea's nuclear program and American demands that it cease."
"I am responsible for the approval process in my agency, he said in Friday's statement."
"Moroccan Interior Minister Al Mustapha Sahel said the investigation ""points to a group that has been arrested recently"", an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist."
"Several shots rang out in the darkness, but only one gator had been killed by 11 p.m."
The indictment follows a criminal complaint filed by federal prosecutors on April 23.
"Also, businesses throughout Utah are volunteering to display Amber alerts on their signs."
"At least 154 people, most of them opposition activists or officials, were arrested across the country Monday, police spokesman Wayne Bvudzijena said in a statement."
"But Cruz resembled a police sketch of the suspect and had injuries consistent with what police expected from the struggle he had with the girl's mother, Lansdowne said."
The £5m would give BA a considerable return on the £5 it originally paid the government for the aircraft.
Large swells and dangerous surf already were being felt along sections of the coast.
Supporters say a city casino will attract tourists and conventioneers who will gamble and spend money in restaurants and stores.
The Nets and the Spurs are crossing new frontiers of offensive ineptitude while causing their high-scoring American Basketball Association forefathers to cringe.
The Conference Board reported its U.S. Consumer Confidence Index slipped to 83.5 in June from 83.6 in May.
"The truck carried the equivalent of 1.6 tons of TNT, emergency ministry official Ruslan Khadzhiyev said."
"A man arrested for allegedly threatening to shoot and kill a city councilman from Queens was ordered held on $100,000 bail during an early morning court appearance Saturday."
"The Iranian refugee who sewed up his eyes, lips and ears in protest at the handling of his asylum claim has won his fight to remain in Britain."
An episode is declared when the ozone reaches .20 parts per million parts of air for one hour.
"I stand 100 percent by it, and I think our intelligence services gave us the correct information at the time."
"It has been named Colymbosathon ecplecticos, which means ""astounding swimmer with a large penis""."
The budget analysis comes as negotiations between the City Council and the Bloomberg administration heat up.
"The government recently shelved peace talks with the MILF, being brokered by Malaysia, after a string of attacks, including three bombings, on Mindanao."
The woman had agreed to testify after receiving immunity protecting her from punishment for lying and other violations of the academy's honor code.
"Predictions ranged from 16 cents a share to 27 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call."
"The billing mix-up, for between $100,000 and $250,000, went unnoticed until after their legal defense fund paid out roughly $7 million in fees."
At least 11 more cases in Indiana and three in Illinois are suspected.
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.
"Larger publishers such as Viacom Inc.'s VIAb.N Simon & Schuster and Bertelsmann AG's BERT.UL Random House decided against pursuing the books group, the sources said."
Hundreds of people have signed petitions calling for Dr Kelly's resignation for his handling of allegedly sexually abusive priests.
"Robert Stewart, a spokesman for Park Place, the parent company of Caesars Palace, said he was surprised by the court's decision."
Software developers use compilers to translate programming languages such as C++ into the language that can be read by a particular processor.
"CS's other main division, Financial Services, made a 666 million franc net profit, six percent below the prior quarter."
Merrill neither admitted to nor denied wrongdoing in the accord.
His family and friends said he had travelled to the region for a cultural visit.
Tony-award winning dancer and actor Gregory Hines died of cancer Saturday in Los Angeles.
"The Matrix Reloaded, which opened in limited previews Wednesday night, took in an estimated $135.8 million for all five days."
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped; others took pictures of sensitive areas without being challenged.
"The anticipated global sales improvement in the month of June did not materialize, said Chief Financial Officer Robert Rivet."
Bush said the United States was reviewing documents and interviewing Iraqis in an intensive effort to support the still unproven claim that Saddam had forbidden weapons.
"Rep. Louise Slaughter, D-N.Y., declared, ""The Congress of the United States has never -- ever -- outlawed a medical procedure."
Officials said the data will be used to verify whether they had stayed beyond their authorized time.
"Dolores Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs, Colo., is someone who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress."
"She noted some fast-food chains, including McDonald's, already display calorie information in their stores or on their Web sites."
The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates.
"The fire calmed down considerably overnight, then it rained, said Andy Lyon, spokesman for the fire south of the city."
Mr. Rowland attended a party in South Windsor for the families of Connecticut National Guard soldiers called to active duty.
"In January 1996, two of his nude models were arrested atop of a Manhattan snowdrift, posed beneath an ice-cream parlor sign that advertised Frozen Fantasies."
Both have aired videotapes of ex-president Saddam Hussein encouraging Iraqis to fight the U.S. occupation of Iraq.
"He did a bad job going up there, Mr. Villalona said."
The Borgata Hotel Casino & Spa opened its doors a day early.
"The former president also gave numerous speeches in 2002 without compensation, said his spokesman Jim Kennedy."
"The deal with the Carmel-based insurer is expected to close shortly, said Macklowe spokesman Howard J. Rubenstein."
"Ghulam Mahaiuddin, head of administration in the southern province of Helmand, said the bus blast happened early in the morning, west of the provincial capital Lashkargah."
"Responding to speculation that she was ready to retire, Justice Sandra Day O'Connor indicated today that she would serve out the next term of the Supreme Court."
"Those in their twenties who ejaculated more than five times a week were one-third less likely to develop aggressive prostate cancer later in life, they say."
Investigations by the Air Force inspector general and the Defense Department also are under way.
"I feel like the weight of the world has been lifted from my shoulders, Ms McCorvey said at a news conference in Dallas on Tuesday."
Four other men who were also charged in June have already pleaded guilty.
"No team has overcome a 3-1 deficit in the NBA Finals, and the New Jersey Nets don't want to try their luck at such a daunting task."""
Analysts attributed the increase in part to negative news from bankrupt competitor WorldCom Inc. WCOEQ.PK and talk that AT&T could be a takeover target.
"The Aspen fire had charred more than 12,400 acres by Monday on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson and more than 250 homes had been destroyed."
"By the time the two-term president left office in 1989, the Navy had nearly 600 ships--about twice the ships it has today."
"In December 1998, a 33-year-old woman died when she was hit by a metal cleat that came loose from the Columbia sailing ship."
They also showed the greatest increase in early rapid head growth compared with those children with milder forms of the disorder.
"PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway has described Oracle's $5.1 billion bid as ""atrociously bad behaviour from a company with a history of atrociously bad behaviour""."
"When Olvera-Carrera was moved to the bus, Perez said the officers dragged him across the ground."
Downer originally said the 14 Kurds had not asked to be considered as refugees when they arrived in a boat off Melville Island last week.
"Barry Callebaut will be able to use Brach's retail network to sell products made from its German subsidiary Stollwerck, which makes chocolate products not sold in the United States."
"Stanford bested a 144-player field that included former winners Sorenstam and Juli Inkster, as well as 13-year-old phenom Michelle Wie."
UN armored personnel carriers trained machine guns on Bunia's main street but did not open fire.
Robbins said he wants to take any network like ESPN that charges more than $1 per Cox customer and make those optional choices for consumers to buy.
"He said it was a movie ""meant to inspire, not offend""."
"He was listed last night in critical but stable condition at Kings County Hospital Center, police said."
Every day more American soldiers die.
He reiterated Schroder's statement last week that Berlin would consider sending peacekeepers to Iraq only if requested by an interim Iraqi government or the United Nations under a U.N. mandate.
"If the companies won't, their drugs could be prescribed to Medicaid patients only with the state's say-so."
"On Sunday, the experts will perform the first simultaneous release of five whales from a single stranding incident in the United States."
The MDC called the strike to force Mr Mugabe to either resign or negotiate a settlement of the Zimbabwe crisis.
"The companies said ""it was not our intention to target or offend any group or persons or to incite hatred or violence."""
"His advice to the House Republicans is to pass it, to send it to him, so he can sign it."
People who have this disorder absorb excessive amounts of iron which can lead to organ damage.
"But at age 15, she'd reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery."
"Historians believe it was carrying 9 tons of gold coins aimed at buying the loyalty of the Duke of Savoy, a potential ally in southeastern France."
"Police searched Tanzi's home near Parma on Wednesday, and prosecutors had sought to interrogate him that day only to find he had left Italy for an undisclosed foreign country."
Dr. Greg Robinson -- an AIDS patient -- left Health Canada's advisory committee because of inconsistencies in pot access.
"Canadian researchers ordered the slaughter of more than 2,000 cows and conducted an extensive investigation but were not able to find evidence of any other infected animals."
Mason said al-Amoudi was arrested at Dulles International Airport on Sunday as he came into the country.
"In a statement, the company said both bids would allow Vivendi to ""maintain a substantial minority interest in a U.S. media corporation with excellent growth potential."""
"According to Saunders, the gunman said he was frustrated by the U.S. Postal Service's response to an accident involving a postal vehicle."
Some 95 million Americans -- half of all households -- invest in mutual funds.
"His chief lawyer, Mahendradatta, said Bashir was mentally prepared for a heavy sentencing demand and felt the Marriott bombing would affect the decision."
"Arthur Benson, attorney for the case's plaintiff schoolchildren, said he will appeal."
"Indeed, prior defense filings said Moussaoui contended he was part of a post-Sept. 11 operation outside the United States."
"Three retailers Dillards Inc., Kohls Department Stores and Nordstrom Inc. got Fs."
"Between 50 and 100 persons die annually from these allergies, and thousands more suffer severe reactions such as constricted breathing and dramatic swelling."
Authorities said the scientist properly quarantined himself at home after he developed SARS symptoms Dec. 10.
"Searches for survivors from several previous shipwrecks have often had to be abandoned for similar reasons, leaving the vessels and most of their passengers unaccounted for."
Schering-Plough shares fell 72 cents to close at $18.34 on the New York Stock Exchange.
"Hampton Township is a few miles northeast of Bay City, about 100 miles away."
But she didn't say whether she'll certify the two-year $117.4 billion budget for 2004-05.
"In the latest violence, insurgents threw a bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing one soldier."
"On Friday, every major exhibitor will donate time to play daily trailers on all screens in more than 5,000 U.S. theaters."
"Women who eat potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy may be at risk of triggering type 1 diabetes in their children, Melbourne researchers believe."
Representatives of abuse victims were dismayed by the development.
"This deal makes sense for both companies, said National Chief Executive Brian Halla."
"They were chipping away at the concrete to get to the body, said Chris Butler, who lives across the street."
"Spansion products are to be available from both AMD and Fujitsu, AMD said."
The WHO says the latest case does not fit its profile of SARS and is not a public health concern.
"Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people) shot up 38 percent, making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq."
Its legal representatives began meeting with plaintiffs' attorneys last week to discuss a settlement.
"A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley, in his 30th year teaching, makes $65,000."
"Now, nearly two years later, Mallard prepares for trial on charges of murder and tampering with evidence."
"In an editorial in the journal, two breast cancer researchers said hormones' effect on the breast creates a double-whammy that is ""almost unique"" in medicine."
"Other features include FileVault, which secures the contents of a home directory with 128-bit AES encryption on the fly."
"Mr Koizumi rebuked Mr Konoike, saying his remarks were ""inappropriate""."
"Doris Brasher, who owns a grocery store near the police station, said many in the close-knit town knew the men who were killed."
Former Secretary of State Bill Jones has also expressed interest in the race but has not yet announced plans.
Recent U.S. appeals court rulings have required Internet providers to identify subscribers suspected of illegally sharing music and movie files.
"Earlier Thursday, PeopleSoft formally rejected the unsolicited bid from Oracle."
"The report by the Justice Department's inspector general found ""significant problems"" in the government's handling of foreigners who were jailed under blanket edicts adopted by the department after the attacks."
Dealers said the yen was also undermined by falling Japanese interest rates.
China would become only the third nation to put a human in space.
"We remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue."""
"It should have reported that it was sailing with an atomic bomb cargo, Anomeritis said, referring to the quantity of explosives on board."
"I'm amazed at the number of people who think there is a silver bullet for security, Capellas said."
"Culturecom is confident it will make a significant impact on market share with this new development,"" Frank Cheung, chairman of Culturecom, said in a statement."
"Taher, acting against his attorney's advice, became the fifth member of a group of six Yemeni-Americans to enter a plea agreement with the government in the case."
"Mr. Day said that the consequences had been ""catastrophic"" for the women involved and for the many mixed-race children shunned in their communities."
Five 17-year-olds have been charged with robbery and impersonating a police officer.
"The company has expanded into providing other services for buyers, including payment services."
BioReliance's stock closed down 2 cents yesterday at $47.98 per share.
Dealers said the single currency's downward momentum may pick up speed should it break below $1.15.
The decomposed remains of 17-year-old Max Guarino of Manhattan were found floating near City Island April 25.
Sens. John Kerry and Bob Graham declined invitations to speak.
"I'm delighted that David Chase has decided to give us another chapter in the great 'Sopranos' saga, HBO chairman and chief executive Chris Albrecht said."
"A few hours later, the House voted 256 to 170 to pass the Healthy Forest Restoration Act sponsored by Rep. Scott McInnis, R-Colo."
"Tibco has used the Rendezvous name since 1994 for several of its technology products, according to the Palo Alto, California company."
"It exploded in his hands, but the former Italian prime minister was unhurt."
They say inspectors must certify that Iraq is free of weapons of mass destruction before sanctions can be lifted.
"The lawyer for Hollins Jr., Thomas Royce, has said his client had no link to the company that owned and operated E2."
"While a month's supply of aspirin can cost less than $10, the equivalent amount of ticlopidine can run significantly more than $100."
"By March 2003, 67 percent of broadband users connected using cable modems, compared with 28 percent using DSL."
"The village last said sorry in 1993, when it presented the Methodist Church of Fiji with Baker's boots - which cannibals had tried unsuccessfully to cook and eat."
"Yesterday, two Japanese diplomats were killed in an apparent ambush near Tikrit, 175 kilometres north of the capital."
"A rebel who was captured said more than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack."
"The film is the second of a trilogy, which will wrap up in November with The Matrix Revolutions."
"A rival distributor, Mike Selwyn from United International Pictures, says that unlike The Matrix Revolutions, he cannot detect any advance scepticism, even within the business."
They also said the rule will make the nation's electrical system more reliable -- a high-profile issue after last week's massive power blackout.
"About 1,500 police will be deployed for the visit."
"Lewis said that the third-quarter results were driven by deposit and loan growth, strong investment banking and trading results, and improved mortgage and card revenues."
"A draft statement, obtained by Reuters on Friday, stopped short of endorsing the U.S. charge but said some aspects of Iran's programme raised ""serious concern""."
Her detention brings to 19 the number of the 55 most-wanted Iraqis now in US custody.
"I came basically to Washington to establish relationships and to make sure that we are getting more federal money to California, Schwarzenegger said after meeting with congressional Republicans."
"It also faces significant regulatory delays and uncertainty, and threatens serious damage to the company's business, he added."
"The other 18 people inside the building -- two visitors and 16 employees, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend -- escaped unharmed, Aaron said."
Shares of Hartford rose $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
"Closed sessions are routinely held at the United Nations tribunal that deals with Balkan war crimes, but usually to protect witnesses's safety."
"The question that has to be penetrated is, how did 38 visits over 2 years not rescue these children from slow torture and starvation?"
"According to the survey, last years identity theft losses to businesses and financial institutions totaled nearly $48 billion and consumer victims reported $5 billion in out-of-pocket expenses."
"States of emergency were declared in all four states as well as West Virginia, Delaware, New Jersey and Washington DC."
"Before Sunday, 19 firefighters assigned to wildfires had died on duty this year, according to Tracey Powers of the National Interagency Fire Center in Boise."
"After their arrests, the men told investigators they paid to be smuggled into Blaine, Wash., from Canada last month, two sources said."
"Ten, two mobile homes and numerous outbuildings were destroyed by the now-smoldering fire northwest of Boulder."
"The previous weekend record for an R-rated film was $58 million for ""Hannibal."""
"Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was coming home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania."
At least 61 people were killed and dozens injured across Afghanistan yesterday in the worst outbreak of violence for more than a year.
The first products are likely to be dongles costing between US$100 and US$150 that will establish connections between consumer electronics devices and PCs.
"Only one test, the effect on financial services, was deemed to be passed."
A spokeswoman for Interscope Geffen A&M declined to confirm how many employees were affected.
"Miss Stewart is being prosecuted not because of who she is but what she did,"" Mr Comey continued."
"He said that with the U.S.-backed peace plan, or road map, “in a coma,” the attack could easily widen conflict through the region."
AMD made the announcement on Tuesday at the Embedded Systems Conference in Boston.
"Doctors had planned to deliver him two weeks early, on or around November 14."
"Researchers at Sweden's Karolinska Institute reanalyzed data from more than 2,000 infants who had been treated with radiation for a benign birthmark condition between 1930 and 1959."
Cisco pared spending during the quarter to compensate for sluggish sales.
SAN Architect and AutoAdvice can be used by themselves or as extensions to the ControlCenter family of storage management applications.
"The Senate majority leader, Bill Frist, Republican of Tennessee, said he hoped Congress would finish work on the legislation by the end of September."
THE compact disc could be history within five years after scientists invented a replacement the size of a fingertip.
"The Infineon case began in August 2000, when Rambus accused Infineon of patent infringement and Infineon counter-sued Rambus for breach of contract and fraud."
"Some opposition leaders said they would reserve comment until mourning was over, but others called for the immediate withdrawal of troops."
Among the proposals is one for Zimbabwe to have the opportunity to rejoin the 54-member body before the next CHOGM meeting in two years.
"Analysts have predicted third-quarter earnings of 16 cents a share and revenue of $7.15 billion, on average."
"A summary of his remarks says: all the group's savings have been lost to raids and arrests, and JI is totally dependent on al-Qa'ida for money."
"While there were about 700 Uruguayan UN peacekeepers in Bunia, they were ""neither trained nor equipped"" to deal with inter-ethnic violence, Mr Eckhard said."
It's one of several negotiating items where Canada appears to have caved in to U.S. demands and accepted less favourable terms.
"In Canada, the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark."
"They were being held Sunday in the Camden County Jail on $100,000 bail each."
"State Supreme Court Justice Ira Gammerman said in court this morning, ""It was an ill-conceived lawsuit."""
"The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> advanced 11 points, or 1.25 percent, to 931."
"Revelations of the expenditures shocked some employees at Delta, an airline that is cutting jobs as it struggles with increased security costs and fewer passengers."
"Its attackers had to fire their rockets from hundreds of yards away, with a makeshift launcher hidden in a portable electric generator."
He'll present his proposals to the state Legislature in January.
"Though the legal age for marriage in Romania is 18, the country generally tolerates the Gypsy tradition of arranged child weddings."
"Moore was expected to be discharged from the hospital Thursday or Friday, according to Jackie Green, a spokeswoman for the show's press agent."
O'Keefe declined to discuss whether such photos from spy satellites might have been able to detect the small crack in the wing.
"Clijsters was simply too complete and powerful for the Spanish veteran Conchita Martínez in her quarterfinal, winning, 6-2, 6-1."
"The seal will ultimately be used to identify DHS badges, vehicles, signs, sea vessels and aircraft."
"All along, we were basing our decisions on the best information that we had at the time,"" she said."
"We need a certifiable pay as you go budget by mid-July or schools wont open in September, Strayhorn said."
"That truck was spotted in the Campbells Creek area, fitting that description, Morris said."
Althardt said there was no indication that any of the sick children needed to be hospitalized.
Chi-Chi's has agreed to keep the restaurant closed until Jan. 2 _ two months after it voluntarily closed following initial reports of the disease.
"If we don't march into Tehran, I think we will be in pretty good shape, he said."
Researchers have identified roughly 130 genes on chromosome six that may predispose humans to certain diseases.
"At midnight on Wednesday, 68 percent of voters said ""no"" to the tax, with 97 percent of the votes counted."
"Although it's unclear whether Sobig was to blame, The New York Times also asked employees at its headquarters yesterday to shut down their computers because of ""system difficulties."""
"The Winston-Salem, North Carolina company opened six stores during the quarter, bringing the total to 282."
Class-action suits expand exponentially the number of plaintiffs and damages in a lawsuit by allowing initial plaintiffs to plea on behalf of a far larger group with common interest.
Hospitals and the Red Cross appealed to blood donors yesterday.
"Five Big East schools, Connecticut, Pittsburgh, Rutgers, Virginia Tech and West Virginia, filed the lawsuit June 6."
No official ceremony was planned to mark the anniversary in Dallas.
Christensen most recently served as VP of Microsoft's mobile devices division.
"The report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year, up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002."
Economists said that raised the odds of a rate cut at the Fed's next meeting on June 24-25.
"Such communication will help adult smokers make more informed choices, company vice president Richard Verheij told a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee at a separate hearing."
Prosecutors contended that Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume Mr. Black's identity.
Sales fell to $3.3bn in 2002 as the bad news hit the US market.
"Shares in EDS closed on Thursday at $18.51, a gain of 6 cents."
Sales -- a figure watched closely as a barometer of health -- rose 5 percent instead of falling as many industry experts predicted.
We think they have the right to choose.
"Under the new pricing scheme, Universal would lower its wholesale price on a CD to $9.09 from $12.02."
"North American markets grabbed early gains Monday morning, as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators take the spotlight."
"Russian Yuri Malenchenko, American Edward Lu and Pedro Duque of Spain landed in their Soyuz TMA-2 capsule at 0240 GMT."
Previously he had seen the grinning mechanic from east Java only on television.
Blair himself took the reins of the Labour Party after its leader John Smith died of a heart attack in 1994.
Kiernan testified that Seifert had received a gunshot wound to the back.
"As a result of the decision, Brown said CareFirst subscribers won't have access to Blue Cross Blue Shield nationwide and to international service providers."
Powers said almost all supercomputer users would rather pay companies like IBM to do all that than try to build their own.
PeopleSoft has consistently maintained that the proposed combination of PeopleSoft and Oracle faces substantial regulatory delays and a significant likelihood that the transaction would be prohibited.
This puts telemarketers on notice that we will take all measures necessary to protect consumers who chose to be left alone in their homes.
"Telemarketers who call numbers on the list after Oct. 1 could face fines of up to $11,000 per call."
"The fighting around Bunia began after neighboring Uganda completed the withdrawal of its more than 6,000 soldiers from the town."
"St. Paul Chairman and Chief Executive Jay S. Fishman, 51, will be CEO of the combined company."
A COUPLE have been arrested for starving their four sons while letting their daughters feast in front of them.
"We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment, Daschle wrote."
"We cannot allow anything like that, and we won't."""
"Good cause has been clearly shown that such change of venue is necessary to ensure a fair and impartial trial, Prince William County Circuit Judge LeRoy Millette Jr. wrote."
Pollack said the plaintiffs failed to show that Merrill and Blodget directly caused their losses.
He called on Prime Minister John Howard to establish a royal commission on child sex abuse.
The weather service reported maximum sustained winds of nearly 105 miles an hour with stronger gusts.
"Columbia was destroyed during re-entry Feb. 1, killing its seven astronauts."
"General Myers told reporters that ""at first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken""."
"Where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades, they are now lucky to catch one, the study found."
"Under the 1973 Roe vs. Wade ruling, before a fetus could live outside the womb, the abortion decision was left to the woman and her physician."
The stretch of Danube river passing through the Balkans dropped so low that wrecks of World War II boats became visible.
"But a state judge has ruled that the so-called ""double jeopardy"" protections do not apply in the case."
She said the president's eyes filled with tears when she told him he would have to confess to their teenage daughter as well.
"Those reports were denied by the interior minister, Prince Nayef."
"Kaichen's former landlord, Carol Halperin of Chappaqua, said Kaichen told her she volunteered at Ground Zero after the attack."
The fight about online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court Monday.
"He said European governments ""have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears."
"In a letter sent to The Times and read to the Associated Press after his resignation, Blair blamed ""personal issues"" and apologized for his ""lapse of journalistic integrity."""
"The GAO found cable rates have increased 40 percent over the past five years, versus 12 percent inflation during the period."
"Leon Williams' body was found inside his third-floor apartment at 196 Bay St., in Tompkinsville."
The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in March.
The company had an operating loss of $56.7 million in the first half of 2003.
"Since both companies described the talks as exclusive, it's likely the two signed an agreement saying Dynegy wouldn't talk to other suitors for a certain period of time."
"In 2001, President Bush named Kathleen Gregg one of six appointees to the Student Loan Marketing Association, the largest US lender for students."
"However, George Heath, a Fort Campbell spokesman, said shortly after the attack that Akbar had ""an attitude problem""."
"She claimed all the babies were born full-term and died within hours, he said."
"Intel spokesman Dan Francisco said the chip maker is looking into the issue, but declined to elaborate."
"Those involved were allegedly told to never speak of the incident again, according to the letter."
Microsoft will pay Time Warner AOL $750 million to settle an outstanding antitrust suit brought by Time Warner's Netscape division.
The girls and three of the cadets were cited for underage drinking.
"The only thing that I know for certain is that these are bad people, Bush told a joint news conference with Blair."
"The Intel C++ Compiler for Platform Builder for Microsoft .NET is available for the suggested list price of $1,499 and is intended for OEM and system integrator use."
"In other words, Cablevision is obligated to pay for YES Network's lawsuit against Time Warner Cable."
"The idea of a federal betting parlor on atrocities and terrorism is ridiculous and it's grotesque, said Wyden."
"At the very long end, the 30-year bond US30YT=RR slid a full point for a yield of 4.47 percent from 4.41 percent."
"The shares fell 72 cents, or 3.8 percent, to $18.34 Monday on the New York Stock Exchange."
Extra guidance on countering suicide bombers is now being given to officers in London and will be extended over the next month to police around the country.
"Meanwhile, the global death toll approached 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the severe acute respiratory syndrome virus first appeared in southern China in November."
"U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman, who announced Tuesdays ban, also said Washington would send a technical team to Canada to help."
The Syrian government has said nothing in public about the raid.
Only Intel Corp.'s 0.3 percent yield was lower.
"Scotland Yard said the three were charged under the Anti-Terrorism, Crime and Security Act 2001, with alleged failure to disclose information about acts of terrorism."
"Powell's rendition of the third conversation made it more incriminating, by saying an officer ordered that the area be ""cleared out."""
"Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform."
The researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.
"About 25 governments have signed in the last four months, about half of those in the last three weeks."
They said he organized a network of associates operating in as many as a dozen states.
A postal distribution center where four anthrax-laced letters passed through two years ago was fumigated with chlorine dioxide gas as crews wound up the decontamination process this weekend.
Most taxpayers will get surprise tax cuts of between $4 and $11 a week from July 1.
"However, the Nasdaq composite index managed to eke out a gain of 4.64 points at 1,735.34."
Avalon means the next Windows OS will support new styles of user interfaces and elements.
"A member of the chart-topping collective So Solid Crew dumped a loaded pistol in an alleyway as he fled from police, a court heard yesterday."
The Cradle of Liberty Council isn't the first one to buck the national group's stance.
"Deasean and Walker, a resident of nearby Barbey Street, were rushed to Brookdale Hospital Medical Center, where they died about 6 p.m., O'Brien said."
They were among about 40 people attending the traditional Jewish ceremony colored by some non-traditional touches.
"We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue, the Chinese Foreign Ministry said in a statement."
"His spokesman, Tom Parker, said Moore's attorneys would respond to the complaint Monday."
"The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 118 points, or 1.36 percent, to 8,829."
"The Pentagon says it's a technique that's been successful in predicting elections, even box-office receipts."
"Last week the power station’s US owners, AES Corp, walked away from the plant after banks and bondholders refused to accept its financial restructuring offer."
"Some 14,000 customers were without power in the area, Oklahoma Gas and Electric said."
"In his new position, Dynes will earn $395,000, a significant increase over Atkinson's salary of $361,400."
"Speaking for the first time yesterday, Brigitte's maternal aunt said his family was unaware he had was in prison or that he had remarried."
"Ms Stewart, the chief executive, was not expected to attend."
"Dotson was arrested July 21 after calling 911, saying he needed help because he was hearing voices, authorities said."
Ontario Premier Ernie Eves appointed a judge on Tuesday to hold an independent investigation into how the province has handled SARS.
"The cleanup, including new carpeting, electrical wiring and bathrooms, cost about $130 million."
"My judgment is 95 percent of that information could be declassified, become uncensored so the American people would know,"" Mr. Shelby said on NBC's ""Meet the Press."""
The worst-affected area was South Kyongsang province where at least 15 people drowned and roads were swept away.
About 10 percent of high school and 16 percent of elementary students must be proficient at math.
"Sen. Charles Schumer, D-N.Y., sent a letter to President Bush Wednesday demanding action on the legislation."
"Selenski's partner in the jailbreak, Scott Bolton, injured his ankle, pelvis and ribs during the escape attempt, Warden Gene Fischi said."
"The investigation appears to be focused on certain accounting practices common to the interactive entertainment industry, with specific emphasis on revenue recognition, Activision said in an SEC filing."
"Peterson was arrested near Torrey Pines Golf Course in La Jolla on April 18, the day DNA testing identified the bodies."
"It appears that many employers accused of workplace discrimination will be considered guilty until they can prove themselves innocent, he said."
"In the total external disk storage system market, revenue increased 1.5 percent year over year in the third quarter, to $3.2 billion."
"Stock futures were mixed in early Thursday trading, but trading below fair value, pointing to a lower open for the major market indexes."
"Halliburton on Tuesday reiterated its contention that KBR had ""delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms""."
"Cross-dressing teens from Harvey Milk High School offered sex for money in Greenwich Village and then robbed the would-be johns by pretending to be cops, sources said last night."
It predicted that a 7.0 percent rise to $204.9 billion in 2006 would push the industry's yearly sales slightly past its highest-ever level in in 2000.
"That compares with earnings of $446 million, or 7 cents per share, on revenue of $6.3 billion in the same period a year ago."
His opinion contradicts one issued in 1992 by then-Attorney General Bob Stephan.
"The four suspects are scheduled to appear in court Tuesday or Wednesday, said Philip Murgor, Kenya's deputy public prosecutor."
"Sen. John Rockefeller, D-W.Va., said that provision of the Senate bill undermined a basic tenet of Medicare."
The two cases concerned the admissions policies of the University of Michigan's law school and undergraduate college.
British Airways' New York-to-London runs will end in October.
"Jordan Green, the prelate's private lawyer, said he had no comment."
"There are only 2,000 Roman Catholics living in Banja Luka now."
The procedure is generally performed in the second or third trimester.
"Last month, it narrowed the range to between $7.6 billion and $7.8 billion."
Similar bills passed the House twice but died in the Senate.
"Yesterday's ruling is a great first step toward better coverage for poor Maine residents, he said, but there is more to be done."
"On Friday, the U.S. Department of Labour reported that the U.S. economy shed another 48,000 jobs in April, while the jobless rate jumped to 6 per cent."
Memories also live on of the bloody debacle in Somalia 10 years ago -- the last major US military involvement in Africa.
"His election was hailed in some quarters as a breakthrough for gay rights, but condemned in others as a violation of God's word."
"To create the condyle, Dr Mao and colleague Adel Alhadlaq used adult stem cells taken from the bone marrow of rats."
Big Blue says the SEC calls the action a fact-finding investigation and has not reached any conclusions related to this matter.
A coalition of states petitioned a federal appeals court Thursday in an effort to force the Environmental Protection Agency to regulate greenhouse gas emissions.
"The two men, whose names were not released, both were using Pakistani passports and were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening, police said."
Civil liberties groups protested and a US district judge ruled that the monument was an unconstitutional promotion of religion.
"The Guru microcontroller serves four functions: hardware monitoring, overclocking management, BIOS (Basic Input Output System) update and a troubleshooting-assistance feature called Black Box."
"The pilot decided to fly to Kennedy, which has longer runways than Newark Airport."
"State Sen. Vi Simpson, former state and national Democratic chairman Joe Andrew are seeking the Democratic nomination."
The study found that only about one-third of parents of sexually experienced 14-year-olds knew their children were having sex.
"Twenty-eight people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of the St Sophia's camp, when the mudslide smashed into two cabins."
"We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States, Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque."
"Qantas issued its second profit downgrade in six weeks yesterday, as the airline warned of more job cuts owing to the ongoing impact of SARS on passenger demand."
"Contrary to what PeopleSoft management would have you believe, Oracle intends to fully support PeopleSoft customers and products for many years to come."""
"U.S. manufacturing growth expanded for the third straight month in September but at a slower pace, according to a report released shortly after the opening bell."
Officials say Peeler and Jones were never legally married but had a common-law marriage.
"OS ANGELES, Oct. 24 Will Walt Disney Concert Hall, the new home of the Los Angeles Philharmonic, bring urban vitality to the city's uninviting downtown area?"
"Under the NBC proposal, Vivendi would merge its U.S. film and TV business with NBC's broadcast network, Spanish-language network and cable channels including CNBC and Bravo."
"The epidemic began in November in the mainland's Guangdong province, but the People's Republic of China refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months."
"He added that those ""are not solely American principles, nor are they exclusively Western."""
"E Ink is one of several companies working to develop electronic ``paper'' for e-newspapers and e-books, and other possible applications -- even clothing with computer screens sewn into it."
"Since last April, scientists have learned how acrylamide is formed."
"Also Tuesday, a soldier drowned in an aqueduct in northern Iraq."
"During 2001 and 2002, Morgenthau said, wire transfers from just four of Beacon Hill's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion."
U.S. same-store sales last months at Tim Hortons rose 8.8 per cent.
"The blast occurred at 5 a.m. in the capital's Al-Bayaa district, police said."
"Each hull will cost about $1.4 billion, with each fully outfitted submarine costing about $2.2 billion, Young said."
Retail industry experts predict the next five days will likely make or break Christmas 2003 for many retailers.
"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attacks, she said."
Police said they believe Cruz knew of the girl through one of her former schoolmates - though neither the girl nor her family knew him.
"Disney has repeatedly said the ""safety and enjoyment"" of its guests were the reasons the company wanted the no-fly zones, and wants them maintained."
The findings were reported online in the June 1 edition of scientific journal Nature Medicine.
"Site Finder has been visited 65 million times since its introduction, Galvin said."
"Indeed, Iran should be put on notice that efforts to try to remake Iraq in their image will be aggressively put down, he said."
"On the Mediterranean coast of neighboring Turkey, Iraqi, U.S. and Turkish officials gathered in the port of Ceyhan for a ceremony launching the shipment."
Malvo was brought into the courtroom for about two minutes Monday so a witness could identify him.
"If they want to replace 11i with PeopleSoft, now that would make sense."
Scholars in medical ethics have said the issue of medicating patients to improve their mental health to execute them might present formidable obstacles for doctors.
There will be no vote on the issue but those opposed to Robinson's appointment are thought to outnumber those who accept it by around 20 to 17.
"If you pass this bill, Big Brother will be watching you, said Rep. John Mabry, D-Waco."
"The new policy gives greatest weight to grades, test scores and a student's high school curriculum."
The merged company will keep the Interwoven name and be headquartered in Sunnyvale.
"Even after he turned 94, Lacy worked to change baseball."
"Since it was launched, the SiteFinder service has come under increasing criticism from users and analysts who say that VeriSign has overstepped its authority."
A Stage One alert is declared when ozone readings exceed 0.20 parts per million during a one-hour period.
"We need the somebody who notices them to come forward, he told a news conference to introduce his successor, Brig. Gen. Mastin M. Robeson."
"For us that doesn't make a difference, the sexual orientation, Tutu told television reporters in Soweto."
"Mr Kerkorian said: ""We believe that recent trading prices of MGM's common stock do not reflect MGM's full value and that the stock represents and attractive investment."""
Tonight a spokesman for Russia's foreign ministry said the ministry may issue a statement on Thursday clarifying Russia's position on cooperation with Iran's nuclear-energy efforts.
"We have concluded that the outlook for price stability over the medium term has improved significantly since our last decision to lower interest rates, Duisenberg said."
"The church was already grieving the death of Chief Warrant Officer 3 Kyran Kennedy, a congregation member who was killed in another helicopter crash in Iraq on Nov. 7."
"The Standard & Poor's 500 index advanced 6.48, or 0.7 per cent, to 990.51."
"The ambassador said it was up to the Americans to press the Iraqis to make the invitation, which he said the United States appears unwilling to do."
"The bank also said its offer was subject to the agreement of Drax's senior banks, senior bond holders and hedging banks by 30 September 2003."
"Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, became a born-again Christian in June 2002."
"The steel tariffs, which the U.S. president imposed in March 2002, will officially end at midnight, instead of March 2005 as initially planned."
"Symbol's former chief accounting officer, Robert Korkuc, is expected to plead guilty in a federal court in Long Island later Thursday, according to reports."
The suspects are expected to turn themselves in to Pennsylvania authorities within the next few days.
The single currency dropped to 136.94 yen compared with its late U.S. level of 137.64.
"Three Weeks in October goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the Washington, D.C.-area sniper shootings started."
"Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer, who identified himself only as ""Eleonora67,"" to extend the contest until 6 p.m. EDT Sunday."
"Earlier, he told France Inter-Radio, ""I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic."""
"I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower, he said."
"Against the Canadian dollar, the greenback was trading nearly flat at C$1.3252 <CAD=> after the Bank of Canada kept key interest rates unchanged."
"The opposition would resort to rolling mass action ""at strategic times of our choice and without warning to the dictatorship,"" he said."
"The downtime, to take place in May and June, is expected to cut production by 60 million to 70 million board feet."
"In a statement, Mr. Rowland said: ""As is the case with all appointees, Commissioner Anson is accountable to me."
The two companies said PowderJect's strong U.S. position would complement Chiron's European presence.
"The US version will cost $99 for an individual licence, the same as the existing version."
"Baer said he had concluded that lawyers for the two victims ""have shown, albeit barely . . . that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaida."""
"A call to Rev. Christopher Coyne, the spokesman for the archdiocese, was not immediately returned."
The New York Yankees took third baseman Eric Duncan from Seton Hall Prep in New Jersey with the 27th pick.
"At issue is the scholarship program that helps high-achieving students pay for studies in fields such as business or engineering, but not theology."
"A female attendant, 25, was slashed across the face as the attacker closed on the cockpit."
"If convicted of the spying charges, he could face the death penalty."
She concludes that what her husband did was morally wrong but not a betrayal of the public.
"As of Wednesday, there were 65 probable SARS cases in the Toronto region."
"By the time the two-term president left office in 1989, the Navy had nearly 600 ships - about twice the ships it has today."
It also offers a built-in NAND flash boot loader so that high-density NAND flash memory can be used without having to install an additional support chip.
He said some issues _ such as division break-up _ really can only be resolved if and when the conference is expanded.
"The new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a ""high level"" outbreak status by Monday, according to security analysts."
The two had argued that only a new board would have had the credibility to restore El Paso to health.
"The Sars illness, wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, and economic uncertainty in Europe and the US have depressed air travel."
"As temperatures soar above 50 degrees (120 Fahrenheit), fridges and air conditioners have stuttered to a halt in Basra."
"The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> jumped 118 points, or 1.36 percent, to 8,829."
Page said it's also possible that genes on the Y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
The dollar was also helped by concerns about possible yen- selling intervention by Japanese authorities.
"We're going to do everything in our power to get money back to ratepayers as quickly as possible, Kennedy said."
"ALBANY, N.Y. State Senate Majority Leader Joseph Bruno announced Friday he has been diagnosed with prostate cancer."
A Connecticut judge Tuesday sentenced a man to 30 years in prison in the death of a teenage girl he met on the Internet.
"Started on Christmas Day in 1931, the Met's matinee broadcasts have introduced opera to millions of people around the world."
"Progress Software plans to acquire privately held DataDirect Technologies for about $88 million in cash, the companies said Friday."
Belcher said the airport's conference room became a shelter for several families who had hiked up hillsides ahead of rising water.
The Production Index rose by 1.4 percentage points from 51.5 percent in May to 52.9 percent in June.
Consumers would still have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.
"She insisted, though, that it not be published until after her death."
"The panel told the U.S. to correct its flawed determination, said Pierre Pettigrew, Canada's trade minister, in a statement."
"Sir Wilfred Thesiger, traveller, writer, and one of the last solitary explorers of a shrinking planet, has died aged 93."
SEA 05D is the Naval Sea Systems Command’s technical authority for surface ship design and engineering.
"In a statement, Lee said he ""no longer believes that Viacom deliberately intended to trade on my name when naming Spike TV."""
"The Nasdaq composite index rose 13.70, or 0.8 per cent, to 1700.34."
"Dubbed Project Mad Hatter, the Linux-based desktop is being promoted by Sun as a more secure and less expensive alternative to Windows."
"He worked out how to get through the bone with his cheap ""multitool""-type knife, made duller from futile attempts to scratch away at the rock."
"And because it is so far out in international water, salvage company Odyssey Marine Exploration does not have to share the wealth with coastal state governments."
Authorities questioned O'Dell in Pennsylvania over the weekend after identifying her through records at the self-storage company.
"People with two copies of the mutated gene have double this risk, the researchers said."
"He may not have been there, the defence official said on Thursday."
"The bomb exploded in Helmand province aboard a bus en route to the provincial capital, Lashkar Gah, according to news agency reports."
Parson has been charged on one count of intentionally causing or attempting to cause damage to a computer.
"Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will return home late Friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a Yangon hospital, her personal physician said."
"Meanwhile, Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst alluded to an interparty political struggle: ""Sounds like the Republican primary started early this year."""
"Gregory Parseghian, a former investment banker, was appointed chief executive."
"Israel's defense minister on Sunday raised the specter of an Israeli invasion in the Gaza Strip, where Palestinian militants already face a deadly air campaign."
"Meanwhile, law enforcement officials in Palm Beach County, Fla., where Limbaugh owns a $24 million mansion, said his drug use is under investigation."
The findings appear in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association (news - web sites).
"Dr Blix said: ""I don't know exactly how they calculated this figure."
"After a tense stand-off, the battlewagon turned back."
"Our policies are well-known, and I'm not aware of any changes in policy on Iran, Powell said."
October gasoline prices settled 1.47 cents lower at 78.70 cents a gallon.
"He failed a field sobriety test and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 -- well above Tennessee's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10, police said."
"They had published an advertisement on the Internet on June 10, offering the cargo for sale, he added."
"My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know."
"Allied forces have overthrown the government, moved into Saddam Hussein's palaces and started to patrol the streets of the capital."
It will also unveil a version of its Windows Server 2003 operating system tuned specifically for storage devices.
"The latest shooting linked to the spree was a November 11 shooting at Hamilton Central Elementary School in Obetz, about 3km from the freeway."
"The CFTC has been investigating several energy companies, including at least three Colorado companies, for manipulating energy markets by reporting false natural-gas trading prices to industry publications."
"During a period of nearly a decade, Telemarketing Associates raised more than $7 million."
Toronto Police Chief Chief Julian Fantino confirmed Friday morning that a man had been arrested in the slaying of Toronto girl Holly Jones.
"Last year, Cuban officials said none of nearly two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas on time to attend the Grammys in Los Angeles."
"But Mr Robinson urged the voters to be ""kind and sensitive and gentle"" to the believers who ""will not understand what you've done here today""."
Justice Minister Martin Cauchon and Prime Minister Jean Chrétien have both said the Liberal government will introduce legislation soon to decriminalize possession of small amounts of pot for personal use.
The Passion will feature actor James Caviezel as Christ and actress Monica Bellucci as Mary Magdalene.
"Drax faced a financial crisis late last year after it lost its most lucrative sales contract, held with insolvent utility TXU Europe."
It marked the fourth straight week and the ninth time this year that rates on this benchmark mortgage fell to an all-time weekly low.
"South Asia follows, with 1.1 millions youths infected — 62 percent of them female."
The stock has risen 44 cents in recent days.
"Last year, he made his first foray into public politics, running a successful proposition campaign to secure state funding for after-school programs."
"Other changes in the plan refine his original vision, Libeskind said."
"This sale is part of our efforts to simplify our Foodservice Products business and improve its cost structure, said Gary Costley, Multifoods chairman and chief executive."
Romanian port authorities said two ships that sank during World War II had resurfaced as water levels fell and could block river traffic.
"Law enforcement sources who spoke on condition of anonymity confirmed to The Associated Press that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County, Fla., state attorney's office."
"Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, turned himself in in June; his deputy was killed in a recent shootout with Saudi forces."
"The bank requires growth from elsewhere in the economy and needs the economy to rebalance, he said in an interview with the Press Association news agency."
"Here's what happened: I go to their Web site and start complaining to them, would you please, please, please stop bothering me, he said. """
"Sarah Weddington, the abortion advocate and attorney who originally represented McCorvey, could not be reached for comment."
The board is investigating whether a shortage of funds in the shuttle program compromised safety.
Blair's government included the charge that Saddam sought uranium from Niger in a September 2002 dossier setting out the case for military action.
"As a teen, he stabbed a 6-year-old boy, nearly killing him, for no apparent reason."
The case puts the Supreme Court back into the debate over the separation of church and state.
U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled that the Akron-based company should have determined that changes at one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions.
"Quattrone's action, prosecutors argue, amounted to criminal obstruction of justice."
Helicopters hovered over al-Khalidiya into the early hours of Sunday.
This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyber assets so that we may best protect the nation’s critical infrastructure assets.
"Under the program, U.S. officials work with foreign port authorities to identify, target and search high-risk cargo."
He had said before the meeting that he planned to urge Chinese officials to move quickly to adopt a more flexible currency system.
"The 3{ hours of recordings include conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries."
Montreal-based Bombardier's Class B shares rose 6 Canadian cents to C$3.80 in Toronto on Friday.
"Chad Kolton, emergency management spokesman with the Department of Homeland Security, said the government is open to new technologies and methods to communicate more quickly and efficiently."
Amrozi said Jews and the US and its allies had evil plans to colonise countries like Indonesia.
The budget fell steadily until dropping as low as $2.93 billion in 1998 and has gradually risen to $3.27 billion for fiscal 2002.
"In morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Coca-Cola shares were down 34 cents at $43.67."
J.D. Edwards shareholders will receive 0.86 of a share of PeopleSoft for each share of J.D. Edwards.
"Committee approval, expected today, would set the stage for debate on the Senate floor beginning Monday."
Mr. Geoghan had been living in a protective custody unit since being transferred to the prison on April 3.
Mascia-Frye works in the state development office.
"Reacting to Thompson's attack, Ed Skyler, a spokesman for Bloomberg, said the controller's statements, ""while noteworthy for their sensationalism, bear no relation to the facts."""
Wall Street is looking for a profit of 30 cents a share in the third quarter and $1.31 for the fiscal year.
"Based on that review, I have concluded that CEO & President Greg Parseghian and General Counsel Maud Mater should be replaced, said Falcon in a statement."
"The statistical analysis was published Tuesday in Circulation, a journal of the American Heart Association (news - web sites)."
"They calculate that one-third of those taking the drug would gain an average of 11 years of life, free of cardiovascular disease."
"Joan B. Kroc, the billionaire widow of McDonald's Corp. founder Ray Kroc, died Sunday after a brief bout with brain cancer."
He also had management jobs at three space centers before being named director of Stennis.
"Says IBM: ""Electrons come down from the poly-silicon emitter, accelerate through the SiGe base, and make a turn in the SOI layer towards the collector contact electrode."
Penn Traffic filed for Chapter 11 reorganization at the end of May.
"Of personal vehicles, 57 percent are cars or station wagons, 21 percent vans or SUVs, 19 percent light trucks."
The flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the plan after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.
"To put it very simply, Antetonitrus is Brontosaurus's older brother, hence the name."
Law enforcement sources who spoke on condition of anonymity confirmed to The Associated Press that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County state attorney's office.
Waksal has pleaded guilty to securities fraud and is to be sentenced next week.
They weighed an average 220 pounds (100 kg) and needed to lose between 30 and 80 pounds.
"Malvo's attorneys mounted an insanity defense, arguing that Muhammad's indoctrination left him unable to tell right from wrong."
The World Health Organization and the United States Centers for Disease Control sent down a team to look into it.
His decision was delayed by concerns over the budget process in Washington and the war in Iraq.
"OS ANGELES - ''The Hulk'' was a monster at the box office in its debut weekend, taking in a June opening record of $62.6 million."
"Evidence suggests two of the victims were taken by surprise, while the other two might have tried to flee or to defend themselves or the others, police said."
Emergency crews said some of the passengers were thrown partly out of the open side of the bus.
"Nelson,27, is being retried on civil-rights charges stemming from the disturbance which led to Rosenbaum's death."
"Seven 20- and 21-year-old cadets were ticketed by police for drinking alcohol in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two young women, aged 16 and 18."
Tony winners will be announced June 8 at the Radio City Music Hall in New York.
"This deal makes good sense for both companies, said Brian L. Halla, National's chairman, president and CEO."
"Samuel Waksal, ImClone's former CEO, recently began serving a prison sentence of more than seven years for securities fraud."
"Volodymyr Gorbanovsky, deputy general director of the plane's owners, Mediterranean Airlines, said it appeared to have veered from its flight path because of the fog."
"I carried 100 percent of the votes in San Jose -- of all the Austrian-born body builders, Schwarzenegger said during the benefit at the Fairmont Hotel."
Mr. Bush has credited the Dallas pastor with helping to inspire the idea of using federal dollars to fund faith-based programs.
The Justice Department and the Federal Communications Commission have the final say.
"In the interview, Mr. Reed said board members could not defend themselves by saying they did not realize the size of Mr. Grasso's package."
The United States accuses Saddam loyalists of attacks on oilfields and pipelines crucial to Iraq's economic recovery.
Schofield got Toepfer to admit on cross-examination that she ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects.
"The 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, the military said."
"He said he had made it ""very plain"" to the US that Australia did not support the death penalty."
"On Monday, it also announced the resignation of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Phil Condit."
"Worldwide, more than 50 million people have seen ""Les Miz,"" with gross receipts of $1.8 billion."
"Small-business customers paying $1,200 to $3,200 a year could save $60 to $120."
"Federal agents said Friday they are investigating the theft of 1,100 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week."
"The U.S. government and private technology experts warned Wednesday that hackers plan to attack thousands of Web sites Sunday in a loosely co-ordinated ""contest"" that could disrupt Internet traffic."
Tehran has said it will only sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful Western nuclear technology is lifted.
"When the manager let him in the apartment, Brianna was in her mother's bedroom lying in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching cartoons."
"Attackers detonated a second roadside bomb later Sunday as a U.S. convoy was traveling near Fallujah, killing an American soldier and wounding three others."
It takes 100 of the 150 House members to conduct business.
"The House has passed prescription-drug legislation in the last two sessions, but the Senate has failed to do so."
"In connection with the incident, I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately."""
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately return calls seeking comment.
"The songs are on offer for 99 cents each, or $9.99 for an album."
"Furthermore, with the target fed funds rate at 1 percent, ""substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted."""
"From Justin to Kelly, starring ""American Idol"" winner Kelly Clarkson and runner-up Justin Guarini, opened at No. 11 with only $2.9 million."
"Accusations of improper activity are as false today as they were when the Democrats first made them, Grella said."
The OneNote note-taking tool is listed at £169.99 while the InfoPath XML (Extensible Markup Language) data gathering application is priced at £179.99.
"He said McKevitt was ""the man who has the blood of innocent people on his hands""."
She said Jane Doe's lawyers asked Verizon to withhold her name because she was planning on challenging the subpoena.
"They believe the same is true in humans, giving a 30 per cent higher risk of the disease."
"But they are split over whether the Fed will acknowledge risks are tilted toward weakness, or say they are balanced."
"They were just making sure they dotted all the I's and crossed all the T's,"" said Schooff."
"Prosecutors said there is no question Waagner was behind the letters, which were sent at the same time of the anthrax attacks."
Mayor Joe T. Parker said late Thursday that the three workers were two men and a woman who were inside the building when the first blast occurred.
"I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply, said Junya Tanase, forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase."
Experts said the case marks one of the first times in which a parent was charged with contributing to a child's suicide.
"Kline's opinion dealt specifically with abortion providers, but it also would apply to doctors providing other services, such as prenatal care, to a pregnant child under 16."
"Prime Minister Abbas, we are facing a new opportunity today, a better future for both peoples, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said after Tuesday's meeting."
"Most of that - $51 billion - was for American troops in Iraq, while another $10 billion was for U.S. forces in Afghanistan."
"We have sent a message to the nation that this is a new Louisiana, she told a victory party in New Orleans."
The company is in the early stages of testing the drug for rheumatoid arthritis.
The processors were announced in San Jose at the Intel Developer Forum.
"But those modest gains weren't nearly enough to offset the loss of 43,000 jobs in Santa Clara County and 18,000 jobs in the San Francisco-Peninsula-Marin area."
"Plants still must abide by state and federal air-pollution laws, so there will not be an increase in smog, the administration argues."
"They suspect the same anarchist group that claimed responsibility for the Dec. 21 explosions near his house, according to Italian news agency ANSA."
"He hugged his lawyers and their assistants and then said, ""Thank you so much."""
"Gibson said last month in a press statement that ""neither I nor my film are anti-Semitic."
"Microsoft presented several options at the meeting, the consortium said in the statement."
"As a result, Nelson now faces up to 10 years' jail instead of life."
The settlement includes $4.1 million in attorneys' fees and expenses.
"What's more, Mr. O'Neill said that he hoped Hyundai would sell one million vehicles annually in the United States by 2010."
"The two filed a lawsuit in 1998, alleging IBM's staff doctors never warned them that their symptoms could reflect chemical poisoning."
"The results appear in the January issue of Cancer, the American Cancer Society journal, being published online today."
"If convicted of violating the Truth in Domain Names Act, Zuccarini could face up to four years in prison and a $250,000 fine."
The European Commission has developed a set of guidelines to help public administrators decide whether to migrate their enterprises to Open Source Software or not.
"The WWF also thinks a further 13,000 animals are being caught every year around the Straits of Gibraltar and in nearby areas."
And the swagger of a president who says 'Bring 'em on' does not bring our troops peace or safety.
"The latest outbreak seems to have begun with one of the female patients, a transfer from Jen Chi Hospital in Taipei."
Tampering with medicine has been so lucrative that many of those arrested lived in million-dollar homes.
"Now, for the first time, those without Internet access can sign up with a single phone call."
"In court, she briefly waved to courtroom sketch artists seated in the jury box and quietly made notes in a spiral-bound notebook."
"King, brand-name writer, master of the horror story and e-book pioneer, is receiving this year's medal for Distinguished Contributions to American Letters."
More than 100 police officers were involved in the busts that were the culmination of a two-year operation investigating the cocaine importing and money laundering gang.
"That fire devastated timber on the reservation, charred 469,000 acres and destroyed 491 homes in surrounding communities."
"Appellate courts across the country have issued differing rulings on the issue, allowing public displays of the Ten Commandments in some cases and banning them in others."
"Two of the Britons, Sandy Mitchell from Glasgow and Glasgow-born William Sampson, face the death penalty."
Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.
"We can't change the past, but we can do a lot about the future, Sheehan said at a news conference Wednesday afternoon."
"Testing of the swimsuit at a state police lab and at a private lab in Virginia had not yet been able determine whether it belonged to Bish, Conte said."
"Its chief executive, Lawrence J. Lasser, resigned under pressure last Monday."
"It is important for a process to be put into place, he said, that would permit a smooth transition from war to peace."
"The chief merchandising officer decides what the store is going to sell, giving it a signature to attract shoppers and hopefully lure them back."
"A nationally known itinerant computer hacker faces a federal arrest warrant on a sealed federal complaint in New York, a federal defender in California said Friday."
The two other passengers were taken to John Peter Smith and Harris Methodist Fort Worth hospitals with critical injuries.
"Her lawyer Donald Levine told The Telegraph she had been offered $US250,000 to tell her story exclusively to Australian TV."
"If the MTA's appeal to a higher court is successful, the $2 bus and subway base fare won't be rolled back."
"The Turkish troops also could be targets for attack, the ambassador acknowledged."
"The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC climbed 40.09 points, or 2.46 percent, to 1,666.58, based on the latest data, and marking its highest close since May 23, 2002."
Appleton said police continue to hold out the possibility that more than one person was involved in the poisonings.
"While JI has undoubted links with al-Qaeda, the relationship ""may be less one of subservience... than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance""."
"He faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine if convicted."
"These allegations are completely out of character of the Kobe Bryant we know, the statement read."
"A US programmer has developed a software tool that allows users to download shared music files using Apples Windows iTunes software, which was released last month."
"The court expects that 25 years from now, the use of racial preferences will no longer be necessary, O'Connor wrote."
"Ms. Stewart is being prosecuted not because of who she is, but because of what she did, Comey said."
"Sales of $21.6 billion, up 10 percent from $19.7 billion a year ago, were ahead of Wall Street's estimate of $21.4 billion."
"At least 7000 computers were affected by Parson's worm, Assistant US Attorney Paul Luehr said."
I picked prostitutes as my victims because I hate most prostitutes and I did not want to pay them for sex.
"It represents an important opportunity to put a halt to a national effort aimed at removing any religious phrase or reference from our culture."""
"Those systems typically combine institutional and community-based care and are financed by a combination of state, federal, and private dollars."
Dealers said the single currency's downward momentum against the dollar could pick up speed if it broke below $1.15.
"IBM stock rose $1.75, to $84.50, on the New York Stock Exchange."
She has also signed a contract with Random House to write two books.
"And his justification for the bombing was that while it caused short-term material damage, it was for the long-term moral good of Bali."
He transferred another 10 million shares to a charitable trust and these shares were also liquidated.
"In winter, it is transformed into a treacherous embankment, a mountain of ice and snow that blankets everything."
"Later this year, the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions."
"Fed policy-makers signaled they were prepared to cut rates, now at a 41-year low, to ward off even the threat of deflation."
"The only other JI member to reveal similar information is Omar al Faruq, now held at a secret location by the United States."
"Taupo was guiding her owner Paul Kibblewhite, 62, on a three-day walk with a tramping party of eight."
On average the students suffered at least one of the 13 symptoms between three and 11 times in the last year.
"He was eventually taken to London's Hammersmith hospital, where doctors regulated Blair's heart beat via electric shock."
"Just across a river, St. Joseph has trendy restaurants, boutiques, offices and a picturesque beachfront."
"Tom Kasmer, a 14-year-old from Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like ""zistee"" during yesterday's competition."
"Muhammad and fellow sniper suspect Lee Boyd Malvo, who goes on trial Nov. 10, were arrested Oct. 24, 2002, at a Maryland highway rest stop."
The survey that found it covered only a narrow slice of the sky.
"Upscale department store chain Nordstrom Inc. (nyse: JWN - news - people) jumped $1.49, or 9.4 percent, to $17.35."
"TI further said that, as a result of the license agreement, it will not change its prices for OMAP devices."
"In 2001 and 2002, wire transfers from 4 of the company's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion, prosecutors said."
"We are very pleased that the court dismissed the vast majority of the plaintiff's claims, Coke spokeswoman Sonya Soutus said."
The Denver-based natural gas producer and marketer said the inaccurate reporting was discovered after it received a subpoena from the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission.
"To have people say we did this for the money is foolish and dead wrong, Thomas quoted Jackson as saying."
"Agrawal said her research does not suggests that PCOS causes lesbianism, only that PCOS is more prevalent in lesbian women."
"There were no plans to build permanent US bases in Africa, Pentagon officials said."
"Paul Themba Nyathi, an MDC spokesman, said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters."
"If convicted, Ciobanu could face up to 15 years in prison based on new laws in Romania designed to prosecute cybercrime, Softwin said."
"Elwin Hermanson and the SaskParty would put the future of our Crown corporations — and our economy — at risk,” the platform reads."
"Under the legislation, a physician who performs the procedure could face up to two years in prison."
"Come tonight, 21-year-old Morgan and as many as 1,200 fellow students at Wheaton College will gather in the gym for the first real dance in the school's 143-year history."
"The American women, who are defending champions, will play in Philadelphia on Sept. 25 and conclude group competition in Columbus on Sept. 28."
"Judge Craig Doran said it wasn't his role to determine if Hovan was ""an evil man"" but maintained that ""he has committed an evil act."""
Wall Street regained a positive track yesterday after two of Saddam Hussein's sons were killed in a firefight in Iraq.
"It was a final test before delivering the missile to the armed forces.	State radio said it was the last test before the missile was delivered to the armed forces.
1	498299	498366	The samples would be used to find genes involved in diseases with particularly high rates among blacks like hypertension and diabetes.	The samples would be used to find genes involved in diseases that have a particularly high incidence among African-Americans, such as hypertension and diabetes.
1	2585334	2585405	To examine the uranium enrichment program -- ElBaradei's priority -- the IAEA says it must inspect facilities that are not officially declared as nuclear sites.	However, to verify Iran's claims about its controversial uranium-enrichment program, the IAEA says it must inspect facilities that are not officially declared as nuclear sites.
1	3153726	3153980	She said her son followed his father and grandfather into the military.	He followed his father and grandfather into the military, his mother said.
1	1457907	1458152	Yesterday, Mr. Cuomo's lawyer, Harriet Newman Cohen, read a statement over the phone: Mr. Cuomo was betrayed and saddened by his wife's conduct during their marriage."
"U.S. Capitol Police Chief Terrance Gainer said the incident resulted from ""two staff members bringing in Halloween costumes."""
U.S. law enforcement officials are sneering at Dar Heatherington's version of the events which thrust her into the public spotlight.
"About $250,000 worth of her jewelry was discovered last week at Kennedy International Airport, where it had up and disappeared before a flight to the BET Awards."
"Many of the countries affected, like Colombia and Ecuador, are considered critical to the administration's efforts to bring stability to the Western Hemisphere."
The hearing is to determine whether there is enough evidence to order Akbar to a general court-martial proceeding.
"On the cell's surface, the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it."
"There is, however, no photo of Peter Hollingworth in the June issue examined by the Herald yesterday."
"The state will consider the police memorial after planning a World Trade Center Memorial, said Micah Rasmussen, a spokesman for Gov. James E. McGreevey."
"The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 64.64 points, or 0.71 percent, at 9,191.09, according to the latest available data."
"Power5, like Power4, includes two processor cores in a single slice of silicon."
"The Memory Stick Pro Duo card will be theoretically able to transfer data at a rate of up to 20 megabytes per second under optimal conditions, according to Sony."
"ONG KONG, July 9 Tens of thousands of demonstrators gathered tonight before the legislature building here to call for free elections and the resignation of Hong Kong's leader."
"Most times, wholesalers sold the questionable drugs to one of three huge national distributors that supply virtually all drugs in the country."
"Former U.S. Rep. Frank McCloskey, 64, died this afternoon in his home after a long battle with bladder cancer."
Putin hailed Saudi Arabia as ``one of the most important Muslim nations.
"Besides the fact that Americans want to be liked, she said, there is a ""huge cost when world opinion is negative to the United States."
"He admits he occasionally lived the life of a playboy: smoking pot, chasing women and living fast and loose."
"More than 70,000 men and women from bases in Southern California were deployed in Iraq.	In all, more than 70,000 troops based in Southern California were deployed to Iraq.
1	2222998	2223097	BP shares slipped 0.8 percent to 433.50 pence ($6.85) each in afternoon trading on the London Stock Exchange.	BP shares slipped 48 cents to $41.72 Friday in trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
0	2566907	2567384	They worry the treatment could leave their son sterile, blind or even dead.	They fear the treatment would stunt the boy's growth and leave him sterile.
1	2561999	2561941	Because of the accounting charge, the company now says it lost $1.04 billion, or 32 cents a share, in the quarter ended June 30.	Including the charge, the Santa Clara, Calif.-based company said Monday it lost $1.04 billion, or 32 cents per share, in the period ending June 30.
0	2268482	2268400	The parade, which moves west along Eastern Parkway in the Crown Heights section of Brooklyn, went through the district Davis represented.	The parade, which moved west along Eastern Parkway in Crown Heights past hundreds of thousands of spectators, went through the district that Davis represented.
1	1258196	1258284	The company said it now expects second-quarter earnings of 68 cents and 72 cents a share, down from its prior outlook of 77 cents to 82 cents.	Avery Dennison said it now expects a second-quarter profit of 68 cents to 72 cents a share, down from its prior outlook of 77 cents to 82 cents.
0	137972	137865	Byrd, speaking from the Senate floor, said he questioned the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech."""
"Two partners in Grant Thornton's Italian business were arrested last week and questioned by magistrates investigating the collapse of Parmalat, the Italian dairy company."
"It's a task that would challenge even the sharpest of computer geeks: set up a hacker-proof computer network for 190,000 government workers across the country fighting terrorism."
"Thousands of pounds of fireworks inside the warehouse and packed in the tractor-trailer rig exploded, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives said."
"Under terms of the deal, Legato stockholders will receive 0.9 of a share of EMC common stock for each share of Legato stock."
"Police say CIBA was involved in the importation of qat, a narcotic substance legal in Britain but banned in the United States."
"He said that in early December, immigration inspectors at Hartsfield will be able to match the fingerprints to the federal government's computerized ""watch lists."""
"We will clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration, Reed said in a letter to the NYSE's 1,366 members."
"We have already found two trailers, both of which we believe were used for the manufacture of biological weapons."
"In 2002, for example, the Dow dropped more than 1,500 points, or 15.6 percent, between May and October, due largely to terrorism fears driven by headlines."
He claimed Red Hat and the Free Software Foundation with trying to undermine U.S. copyright and patent law.
"Bryant surrendered to authorities on Friday and posted a $25,000 bond."
"Like-for-like sales for the 17 weeks to 27 December were flat, while the gross margin fell by 2 percentage points, the company said."
"The center has a budget of $45 million, most of which will be spent on research and testing, Bridges said."
"It was going to involve others, said prosecutor Kenneth Karas at a Jan. 30 court hearing, reports the Associated Press."
"With a wry smile, Mr. Bush replied, ""You're looking pretty young these days."""
"All 180,000 DHS employees soon will receive a lapel pin and personalized certificate bearing the seal, DHS said."
Let me just say this: the evidence that we have of weapons of mass destruction was evidence drawn up and accepted by the joint intelligence community.
The Democratic candidates also began announcing their fund-raising totals before Wednesday's deadline to file quarterly reports with the Federal Election Commission.
"Rumsfeld, who has been feuding for two years with Army leadership, passed over nine active-duty four-star generals."
Consumers still would have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.
Hong Kong-based Phoenix TV quoted unnamed experts as saying launch will be between Oct. 10 and 17 and will carry two men.
"On Monday, Christian Ganczarski was apprehended at the airport and was to appear before an anti-terrorism judge soon, the officials said."
"That second dossier, passed to journalists during Mr Blair's trip to Washington, said it drew on ""a number of sources, including intelligence material""."
But Secretary of State Colin Powell brushed off this possibility Wednesday.
"In their study, researchers tested the hearing of 479 men between 20 and 64 years old who were exposed to noise in their jobs."
"That leaves about three dozen at risk of aid cutoffs, said State Department spokesman Richard Boucher, who did not identify them."
Iran has yet to sign an additional protocol to the NPT treaty which would allow U.N. inspections at short notice.
"Citigroup Inc. C.N , the world's largest financial services company, on Wednesday promoted Marjorie Magner to chairman and chief executive of its global consumer group."
"At the Pentagon, the Department of Defense's Inspector General has separately been asked to investigate how the telecom licences were awarded."
"After his retirement, Foley served as assistant secretary of energy for defense programs under President Ronald Reagan."
"It is probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program, but then again, I look forward to the challenge, he said."
"Based on the history and success of The Winston in Charlotte, I believe theres no place but Lowes Motor Speedway that can do it justice."
"We're making these commitments first and foremost because we think it's the right thing to do, said Michael Mudd, spokesman for the Northfield-based company."
"Announced last week, Apple's iTunes Music Store has sold over 1 million songs in the first week, the company announced on Monday."
More than 6 percent of men on the drug developed high-grade tumors compared with 5.1 percent on placebo.
"The other 24 members are split between representatives of the securities industry and so-called ""public"" board members."
"Since Perkins' arrival at UConn in 1990 from Maryland, UConn has fielded six national championship teams in three sports - men's and women's basketball and men's soccer."
"NBC probably will end the season as the second most popular network behind CBS, which is first among the key 18-to-49-year-old demographic."
Microsoft has released separate patches for client and administrative versions of Office 2003.
No pill is ever expected to replace earplugs and other mechanical ear protection.
"I feel that people that are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use their computers, said McKechnie."
"The 60-year-old millionaire hugged his attorneys, saying: ""Thank you so much."""
Customers can use Release Candidate 1 of Exchange Server 2003--available Monday--as a stepping stone to the final release this summer.
Knox County Health Department is following national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Protocol to contain infection.
An amendment to remove the exemption for the state-sanctioned sites failed on a much closer 237-186 vote.
He urged the US to provide clear rules on what would happen at possible trials.
"A second bomb, evidently carried by the other woman, did not explode; the authorities detonated the explosives later."
The March downturn was the only break in what has been broad growth in services for the past 15 months.
"The petition alleges that Huletts unfair sales have damaged the U.S. industry, sending market prices below sustainable levels."
"The $19.50-a-share bid, comes two days after PeopleSoft revised its bid for smaller rival J.D. Edwards & Co. JDEC.O to include cash as well as stock."
"The reasons behind the increase in incidence are more complex and we are only just beginning to understand the risk factors, he said."
"Malvo, 18, will go on trial Nov. 10 for the fatal shooting of FBI analyst Linda Franklin outside a Home Depot store in Falls Church, Va."
"This moves us a lot closer to saying that the foam can do this kind of damage, said Hubbard, a member of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board."
"In 1999, Mauritania became only the third Arab League state to establish full diplomatic relations with the Jewish state."
"The indictment ``strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world,'' said U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez."
"The son of circus trapeze artists turned vaudevillians, O'Connor was born on Aug. 28, 1925, in Chicago and was carried onstage for applause when he was three days old."
"There are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy, the report said."
"Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will get the valuable Thursday 9:30 p.m. time slot."
"Last month, 62 Spanish peacekeepers died when their plane crashed in Turkey as they were returning home."
"It just seems like all the issues that we support, he doesn't, said Gabriela Lemus of LULAC."
Jason Giambi capitalized with an RBI single to center.
Bush also said he plans to meet with scientists and legal experts and will not make a determination on the bill for a few more weeks.
"The memorandum analyzed lawful activities, such as recruiting demonstrators, and illegal activities, such as using fake documentation to get into a secured site."
"The quick conviction followed a 21/2-week trial, during which Waagner represented himself."
Chechen officials working for the Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels and tension is running high ahead of next Sunday's presidential election in war-torn Chechnya.
"Avery Dennison estimated second-quarter revenue between $1.2 billion and $1.23 billion, up 14 percent to 16 percent from a year earlier."
"The arrests came two days after Ken Livingstone, the London Mayor, claimed police and security services had foiled four terrorist attacks on the capital."
"Mark Kaiser, vice-president of marketing, and Tim Lee, vice-president of purchasing, were dismissed last week."
"The SEC specifically advised IBM that this is a fact-finding investigation and that it has not reached any conclusions related to this matter, IBM said in a statement."
"Police said they arrested a man on suspicion of burglary, which covers unauthorized entry."
"The biggest threat to order seemed to be looting and crime, including robberies by some of the prisoners freed by Saddam before the war."
Dixon put his style on display Sunday afternoon in winning the Honda Indy 225 at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
"Referring to a battle against a Muslim warlord in Somalia, Boykin told another audience, ""I knew my God was bigger than his."
"Search technology powerhouse Google has released a new beta of its popular Internet Explorer toolbar, adding bells and whistles for surfers."
"We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of our experience on 11 September,"" Rumsfeld said."
Winners will be announced in a June 8 ceremony broadcast on CBS from Radio City Music Hall.
"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents, according to extracts released yesterday."
The same flood that blocked the airport road also swamped a Federal Express depot.
"The new system costs between $1.1 million and $22 million, depending on configuration."
At least 27 US troops have been killed in hostile fire since Bush's statement.
"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats - international terrorists, Graham said, ""this Bush administration chose to settle old scores."""
"Nonetheless, the open-source guru insisted, ""This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals."""
"The intelligence service, headed by Mr. Fujimori's spy chief, Vladimiro Montesinos, was accused of tortures, drug trafficking and disappearances."
"The new capabilities will provide IBM customers a way to create, publish, manage and archive Web-based content within a corporate intranet, extranet and Internet environment."
"Rescue workers arriving to February's deadly fire at a West Warwick nightclub met a horrific scene, as people trapped in the club's doorway screamed for help."
"Mitchell Garabedian, an attorney representing many young men who have claimed they were molested by Geoghan, said he was shocked and surprised to hear of the jail death."
"The Prime Minister, Junichiro Koizumi, joined the criticism."
Blue chips edged lower by midday on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.
"The group will be headed by State Department official John S. Wolf, who has served in Australia, Vietnam, Greece and Pakistan."
His dissent was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas.
Chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment July 3.
"The GPL violates the U.S. Constitution, together with copyright, antitrust and export control laws, SCO Group said in an answer filed to an IBM court filing."
"Dave Tomlin, assistant general counsel of The A.P., said his organization was still deciding whether to appeal."
But the country is scrambling to prevent it spreading to the vast countryside where most of its 1.3 billion people live.
"The most recent was in 1998, when Dr Barnett Slepian was killed in his home in Amherst, New York."
"Sanchez de Lozada promised a referendum on a controversial gas project, a reform of a free market energy law and constitutional reforms."
"In a statement, the Redmond, Wash., company said that it was acquiring the ""intellectual property and technology assets"" of GeCAD."
The technology is available for download on the Microsoft Developer Network (MSDN) site.
Kelly killed himself after being exposed as the source for a BBC report which claimed the government had embellished evidence of Iraq's banned weapons to justify the war.
There is nothing Rob Furst did in any way that was not abetted and approved by senior officials at Merrill Lynch.
"Parrado remained on a Coast Guard cutter Wednesday as immigration officials attempt to determine his status, the Coast Guard said."
Authorities did not immediately release the identities of the victims pending family notification.
"The settling companies would also assign their possible claims against the underwriters to the investor plaintiffs, he added."
President Bush and top administration officials cited the threat from Iraq's banned weapons programs as the main justification for going to war.
Food and Drug Administration (news - web sites) Commissioner Mark McClellan said Kraft's initiative could start an important trend.
"On the other hand, if this will help further establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."""
"At 12, Lionel Tate was charged with first-degree murder over the death of Tiffany Eunick."
His protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
"But price declines have remained below 30 percent, year over year, for the last two quarters, said IDC analyst John McArthur."
"Scott McClellan, a White House spokesman, called the decision ""troubling and flawed."""
"The 19 face charges including racketeering, conspiracy, organized fraud, grand theft and illegal drug sales, all felonies carrying penalties of five to 30 years in prison."
"In 1995, Schwarzenegger expanded the program nationwide to serve 200,000 children in 15 cities, most who come from housing projects or homeless shelters."
"But that amount would probably be impossible to pass in the Senate, where Republican moderates have refused to go above $350 billion."
The US on Tuesday assembled a coalition of more than a dozen countries to launch a World Trade Organisation case against the European Union's ban on new genetically modified crops.
"Mr. Dewhurst has called for a ""cooling period"" between special sessions, which could give the Democrats some time at home."
The company also earned 14 cents a share a year earlier.
"We must defend those whom we dislike or even despise, said Neal R. Sonnett, a Miami lawyer who led an association panel on enemy combatants."
Another was in serious condition at Northwest Medical Center in Springdale.
The measures could be taken up by the full Senate as early as Friday.
"The Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's 2001 application to sell Erbitux, citing shoddy research."
"Privately-held GeCAD Software, founded in 1992, has supplied antivirus and security products since 1994 under the name RAV AntiVirus."
"Many conservatives have staunchly opposed condom programs, saying they send the wrong message and encourage and enable teens to have sex before marriage."
"I'm pleased by the fact that we are bringing this to a conclusion, he said."
"On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured in southern Iraq when a munitions dump exploded."
"The draft of the report was forthright: ""Climate change has global consequences for human health and the environment."""
"Monday, the CIA said analysts concluded that Saddam is likely the speaker on the tape."
"Saddam's other son, Odai, surrendered Friday, but the Americans are keeping it quiet because he's a U.S. agent."
"I think he has to disembrace Putin and put him on notice that he is taking the country in the wrong direction,"" Soros said."
"FBI agents arrested a former partner of Big Four accounting firm Ernst & Young ERNY.UL on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations, U.S. officials said on Thursday."
"With all precincts reporting, Fletcher — a three-term congressman from Lexington — had an overwhelming 57 percent of the vote."
"Veritas will also expand its storage resource management (SRM) suite with the Precise StorageCentral software, focused on file and quota management in Windows environments."
Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld and others argued that Saddam Hussein possessed chemical and biological weapons and was hiding them.
"While the rest of America grapples with an economic downturn, recession has become a permanent way of life for much of rural America, Edwards said in a speech."
"The charges came after the federal government prohibited the sheik from speaking with the media and imposed special measures restricting his access to mail, the telephone and visitors."
"One of the 14 Kurds pointed at the word ""refugee"" in an English/Turkish dictionary."
A race observer sits in the passenger seat of the vehicle following the contestant car to record broken rules and track of the car's time.
"If the extra equity for the project cannot be found, AustMag directors will have to abandon the project in order to avoid trading while the company is insolvent."
"The Nasdaq fell about 1.3% for the month, snapping a seven-month winning streak."
"The Princess' marriage was not set up by force, said Vasile Ionescu, of the Roma Centre for public policies."
"Lawmakers at the closed-door hearing focused on the National Intelligence Estimate reports on Iraq's chemical, biological and nuclear weapons programs."
"Also demonstrating box-office strength - and getting seven Tony nominations - was a potent revival of Eugene O'Neill's family drama, Long Day's Journey Into Night."
"Such a letter indicates the government intends to pursue an indictment and believes it has substantial evidence to support an indictment, the company said."
"News Corp., whose empire spans Hollywood's Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. to publishing house HarperCollins Publishers Ltd., owns 35 per cent of BSkyB."
"Imam Samudra, 32, is accused of being the ""field commander"" of the October 12 attacks that killed 202 people, mostly tourists."
"The capsule landed on its side and drifted about 12 metres, probably dragged by the main parachute."
"The New York Democrat and former first lady has said she will not run for the White House in 2004, but has not ruled out a race in later years."
"In the first three months of 2003 alone, weekly earnings adjusted for inflation fell 1.5% -- the biggest drop in more than a decade,"" Lieberman said."
Clearly Roman creams of any type do not normally survive in the archaeological record.
"As you know, East Africa has been an area of terrorist threats and indeed terrorist attacks in the past."""
"The Association of South East Asian Nations groups Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, and Vietnam."
"Adrian Lamo, 22, had told reporters he planned to surrender to the FBI in Sacramento Friday, but he then had second thoughts."
"The proposal likely would result in the election of 22 Republicans and 10 Democrats to Congress, instead of the state's current 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans, officials say."
The decision to issue new guidance has been prompted by intelligence passed to Britain by the FBI in a secret briefing in late July.
Handspring's shareholders will receive 0.09 Palm shares (and no shares of PalmSource) for each share of Handspring common stock they own.
Hedge funds came under renewed scrutiny recently when New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer unveiled a probe of illegal trading in mutual fund shares.
"In fact, Fatima Haque's prom tonight had practically everything one might expect on one of a teenage girl's most important nights."
A navy official on the scene said divers were scanning the river bed with metal finders before rain drove them to shore.
"Mr Kenny and the Hicks family's American lawyer, Michael Ratner, are trying to get access to Mr Hicks before he faces a planned military tribunal."
Congo's many-sided war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded to back rebels fighting to topple the government in Kinshasa.
Federal offices were to remain closed for a second day overnight (Friday US time).
"This is what Dr. Dean said: ""I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks."
Rescue workers had to scrounge for boats to retrieve residents stranded by high water.
"They passed through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership in 2001 to Syndia."
"Druce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, she said."
"With an estimated net worth of $1.7 billion, Mrs. Kroc ranked No. 121 on Forbes magazine's latest list of the nation's wealthiest people."
Air Commodore Pietsch said a 9-11 style aircraft suicide attack was the key concern.
"An experimental drug can slow the loss of vision caused by an eye disease that is the leading cause of blindness among the elderly, researchers have found."
The number of extremely obese adults -- those who are at least 100 pounds overweight -- has quadrupled since the 1980s to about 4 million.
The next court session will be when the three-judge tribunal announces its verdict in mid-February.
"Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these superannuation payments irrespective of ... (how) he left the company, Mr Argus said."
"Revenue jumped 26 percent to $817 million, the South San Francisco-based company said in a statement."
"Our party will never be the choice of the NRA - and I am not looking to be the candidate of the NRA, he said."
The launch coincides with the JavaOne developers' conference in San Francisco this week.
Such a step could put the issue before the UN Security Council.
"O'Brien was charged with leaving the scene of a fatal accident, a felony."
Physicians who violate the ban would be subject to fines and up to two years in prison.
"Roberts said he didn't think excess inventory showed up in Avery's first quarter, although it might explain the drop and quick recovery in sales this quarter."
The Belgian probe centred on allegations that certain cereals firms were tipped off about prices two hours before they were officially available.
"Four versions of Windows operating systems are targeted: Windows NT, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003."
"The 39-year-old Luster initially gave police a false name, but later revealed his true identity."
"Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant, they announced at a press conference yesterday."
"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents, according to extracts leaked yesterday."
"If the subsidies are not repealed, the European Union is threatening trade sanctions against the United States."
"Music mogul Simon Cowell's latest project, a reality TV dating show called Cupid, airs in the US on Wednesday."
Comcast Class A shares were up 8 cents at $30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
"The benefit is equal for everyone, both in traditional Medicare and in the enhanced Medicare we're setting up."
"These plans would offer preventive health coverage as well as protection against catastrophic health-care expenses, neither of which is currently available under the government-run program."
"Both figures were below consensus expectations, but August sales were revised to a 1.2 percent increase from a previously reported 0.6 percent gain, fueling a dollar rally."
Snow made his comments to Reuters on Friday but they were embargoed until Tuesday.
It also hired Citigroup and Morgan Stanley to explore refinancing or restructuring of $175 million in senior notes due next year.
"Geoghan, 68, was taken to Leominster Hospital, where he was pronounced dead at 1:17 p.m."
The State Court of Appeals did not explain the reason for keeping the lower court's unanimous opinion from July.
"Earlier this year, the company announced a restatement of its 2002, 2001 and 2000 financial results."
"Delta personnel at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport were scrambling all day to find alternate flights -- even on other airlines, when necessary -- to move the inconvenienced passengers."
Randall Simon singled to right for the second run.
"Available in June, Bare Metal Restore 4.6 costs $900 per Windows client and $1,000 per Unix client for new customers."
Retailers J.C. Penney Co. Inc.JCP.N and Walgreen Co.WAG.N kick things off early in the week.
Electronic Data Systems Corp. Thursday said the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked the company for documents related to its large contract with the U.S. Navy.
"Sony said the PSP would also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen, Memory Stick expansion slots."
"With Claritin's decline, Schering-Plough's best-selling products now are two drugs used together to treat hepatitis C, the antiviral pill ribavirin and an interferon medicine called Peg-Intron."
"Werdegar also said Intel's servers were not harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the e-mails stop, which Hamidi honored."
"Michel, who remains in the government, denied that US pressure had provoked the government's move."
The telephone survey had a margin of error of 2 percentage points.
"If people took the pill daily, they would lower their risk of heart attack by 88 percent and of stroke by 80 percent, the scientists claim."
All five were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.
"IBM is also ""pursuing membership in the group"" and plans to be an active participant, according to the CELF statement."
"The companies, Chiron and Aventis Pasteur, together made about 80 million doses of the injected vaccine, which ordinarily would have been enough to meet U.S. demand."
Meat giant Smithfield Foods Inc. has won a bidding war to buy a bankrupt Midwestern pork producer.
The acquisition has been approved by both companies' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year.
Shares of Microsoft rose 50 cents Friday to close at $28.34 a share on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
"But homecomings for those soldiers, as well as the division's 3rd Squadron, 7th Cavalry Regiment, have now been postponed indefinitely."
"Washington is wary of involvement, given its commitments in Afghanistan and Iraq."
The unusual decision to declassify an intelligence report came in an attempt to quiet a growing controversy over Mr Bush's allegations about Iraq's weapons programs.
"This is one of the most important solutions for portable gaming, Nintendo R&D general manager Satoru Okada said in a statement."
Columbia broke up over Texas upon re-entry on Feb. 1.
"Feelings about current business conditions improved substantially from the first quarter, jumping from 40 to 55."
Wyoming and New Mexico both reported two deaths within the past week.
"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilization, Mr. Powell told his colleagues in a speech today."
"At this point, Mr. Brando announced: 'Somebody ought to put a bullet' through her head, the motion continued."
"Slow-moving, drenching Tropical Storm Henri doused an already soaked Florida Friday, bringing powerful storms which further tested already-swollen lakes and rivers."
"Sen. Michael Crapo, R-Idaho, chairman of the subcommittee that will consider the nomination, is a longtime friend."
It's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.
Atlantic Coast will continue its operations as a Delta Connections carrier.
"Five-year notes US5YT=RR rose 6/32 in price for a yield of 3.08 percent, down from 3.12 percent late on Tuesday."
"BT said the combination would have an immediate impact on subscriptions with 60,000 additional customers between September and March, 2004."
This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyber assets so that we may best protect the nation's critical infrastructure assets.
"To win final United States approval, the treaty would have to be signed by President Bush and ratified by Congress."
Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma today cut short a visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia deteriorates further.
"Palm expects to move Handspring's employees to Palm Solutions headquarters in Milpitas, Calif."
"Really, this plan is an insult to working parents throughout New York City, Mr. Silver said."
Legal experts said the case may mark the first time a parent has been convicted of contributing to a child's suicide.
"On a planet that takes nearly 165 years to orbit the sun, spring can last more than 40 years."
Many compensation experts had predicted Carty would get a generous severance deal because his voluntary resignation helped keep the concessions deals in place.
"Until now, sales of the entertainment-oriented PCs have been limited to the United States, Canada and Korea."
Congress twice before passed similar restrictions only to see President Bill Clinton veto them.
"Trailing Arsenal by eight points two months ago, United rallied from its worst start since 1989 with an unbeaten streak stretching back to Dec. 26."
"Instead, prosecutors dismissed charges and Rucker left the courtroom a free man."
Shares in Juniper Networks jumped more than 10 per cent on Monday after the networking equipment maker inked a sales and marketing deal with Lucent Technologies.
"He's made it plain that if we think we are facing a suicide bomber, we should shoot first and ask questions later, one senior officer said."
"The attack by the three militant groups took place here at Erez, the main border crossing between Israel and Gaza."
"The U.S. Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's original application in December 2001, saying the trial had been sloppily conducted."
The review outlines the tariffs' impact on domestic steel industry and steel consumers halfway through the three-year program.
"According to reports, Knight allegedly punched a parking attendant outside a Los Angeles nightclub."
"Four people were found shot to death along a highway Tuesday morning and three others were wounded in a possible dispute involving immigrant smuggling, officials said."
State Education Commissioner Kent King said Wednesday that the scores on the Missouri Assessment Program tests disappointed him.
In 1999 a California legislator proposed a law requiring driving tests for those over the age of 75 who sought to renew their licenses.
"Respondents who rated current business conditions as ""bad"" increased to 30.4% from 28.1% in June."
The commission estimated California lost $937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001.
"Tornadoes tore through Kansas, Missouri and other states in the Midwest, killing as many as 29 people, the Associated Press reported."
"Trans fats are created when hydrogen is added to vegetable oil, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain products."
United already has paid the city $34 million in penalties for not meeting the first round of employment targets.
Investors are taking heed of the latest warning from Japan's top financial diplomat Zembei Mizoguchi that Japan would act to prevent excessive swings in rates.
"Cisco has signed similar deals with AT&T Corp. T.N , SBC Communications Inc. SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N ."
The Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday said companies trading on the biggest U.S. markets must win shareholder approval before granting stock options and other stock-based compensation plans to corporate executives.
"Paul Durousseau, 30, was charged with murder in five Jacksonville slayings between December and February, and is also suspected of a 1997 Georgia killing."
"Mr. Bloomberg later told reporters that the agreement ""will be a compromise, like the real world requires."""
"Farmland Foods President George Richter said, ""With Smithfield's support and leadership, Farmland Foods will succeed and continue to sustain the Midwestern communities which depend on it."""
"The singer has been on a ventilator since the crash at his Buckinghamshire estate last night, but his condition was described as “stable” and “comfortable”."
"He will leave Hollesley Bay open prison at Woodbridge, Suffolk, on Monday, July 21."
Authorities appealed to the public Friday to come forward and provide what could be the key to solving the sniper-style shootings that have killed three people outside area convenience stores.
Medicaid is the federal and state government health insurance program for the poor.
The researchers at Imperial College London had previously shown that the hormone could suppress the appetites of lean people.
"Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas told Palestinian Satellite TV the helicopter strike was a ""terrorist attack."""
"Gartner's report said global WLAN equipment shipments reached 19.5 million last year, a 120 percent increase over 2001's 8.9 million units."
Police believe someone strangled her and she may have been sexually assaulted.
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.
"Meanwhile, rival contender, General Electric's NBC, submitted a letter of interest, a source familiar with the matter said."
Seven of the nine major Democratic presidential candidates were to address the forum last night.
News that oil producers were lowering their output starting in November exacerbated a sell-off that was already under way on Wall Street.
"Subsequently, some bondholders have filed suit to block the exchange offer."
"But they did not, as of the time of this particular tragic event, provide the security we had requested, Jordan said."
"For the second year in a row, rises in hospital costs accounted for much of the inflation, accounting for 51 percent of the overall cost increase."
"President Vlad imir Putin threw his weight behind Russia’s main pro-Kremlin political party for the first time last week, ahead of parliamentary elections."
"Called ""Taxpayers Against the Recall,"" it was to be launched Wednesday afternoon outside a Sacramento fire station."
"Several cities are competing for the headquarters, including Miami; Panama City; Atlanta; Port-of-Spain, Trinidad; and Puebla, Mexico."
"Mr. Berg says in an advertisement for it, ""More than my remembrances, this book intends to convey hers."""
PBL's Channel Nine has been billed as Australia's most popular commercial station after it recently recorded 26 consecutive weeks on top of the ratings.
"The cards are issued by Mexico's consulates to its citizens living abroad and show the date of birth, a current photograph and the address of the card holder."
The MTA will not discuss the matter because of pending litigation.
"The jump in tobacco shares was led by New York-based Altria, whose shares rose almost 10 percent to $38.28."
"Asked about the controversy, Bloomberg said, ""I didn't see either one today, but if they're here and wave from the side I'll certainly wave to them."
"These documents are indecipherable to me, and the fact is that this investigation has led nowhere, the lawyer said."
Synthes-Stratec's cash payment for Mathys would be financed with cash on hand plus bank borrowings being arranged by Credit Suisse First Boston.
No data exists to indicate that the situation with repair stations poses a safety concern.
"Lawyers and others familiar with the federal investigation say it remains focused on Campbell, though prosecutors declined to discuss the probe."
"The MDC said a supporter, Tichaona Kaguru, died in hospital on Wednesday after being tortured and assaulted by soldiers putting down the protests."
"Starting on Saturday, every computer infected with MSBlast is expected to start flooding Microsoft's Windows Update service with legitimate-looking connection requests."
"A police spokesman confirmed: ""Greater Manchester Police, with the support of the German authorities and the FBI, have arrested Toby Studabaker in Frankfurt, Germany."""
"Google's investors include prominent VC firms Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital, the paper noted."
Altria shares fell 2.2 percent or 96 cents to $42.72 and were the Dow's biggest percentage loser.
U.S. officials say Hussein loyalists do not require high-technology eavesdropping devices to gather substantial amounts of information on the activities of American officials.
"Although deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union, the Beatles popularity knew no bounds and far outreached any other Western rock music."
It said the damage to the wing provided a pathway for hot gasses to penetrate the ship's thermal armor during Columbia's ill-fated reentry.
Veteran entertainer Bob Hope celebrates his 100th birthday - and many years in showbusiness - on Thursday.
"Mahmud was seized near Tikrit, the area from which he and Hussein hail, about 90 miles north of Baghdad, U.S. military officials said Wednesday night."
"Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery, her personal physician said Friday."
"When fully operational, the facility is expected to employ up to 1,000 people."
"Five alternate jurors were also chosen, with a final one set to be selected Friday morning from the panel."
"And in the Muslim world, Osama bin Laden is becoming more of a hero, not less of one."
"Ms Pike also said it was not unusual for hospitals to go into deficit, but the Government would ensure they remained viable."
"But a senior State Department official said: ""We'll decide how to keep the proper incentives there for countries to sign and for countries that have signed to ratify."""
"Russia, along with France, China and others, advocate a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen Iraqi authority international legitimacy."
"The group criticizing Schwarzenegger, the League of United Latin American Citizens, said the Austrian-born actor's advisory board position brings into question his commitment to Latinos."
"This Wednesday, the 127th anniversary of Custer's defeat, formal recognition is coming to the Indian warriors who prevailed that hot day, June 25, 1876."
But church members and observers say they expect that the decision could be problematic for many Episcopalians.
"Shares of Smithfield closed up $1.64, or 8.5 percent, at $20.85, on the New York Stock Exchange."
"Nor has it said how many astronauts will be on board, through there reportedly will be between one and three."
"If these loss reductions continue as expected, further rate reductions should be ordered."
"That is evident from their failure, three times in a row, to get a big enough turnout to elect a president."
"But right now it looks manageable,"" Gehman told reporters."
"Mills affected by Thursdays announcement are sawmills in Grande Cache, Alta., Carrot River, Sask., Chapleau, Ont., and Aberdeen, Wash."
"The GameCube, which badly underperformed expectations in the last fiscal year, trails both Sony's PlayStation 2 and Microsoft Corp.'s MSFT.O Xbox."
"He told the jury Stubbs is a ""cold, calculating killer."""
"The law has several weaknesses which terrorists could exploit, undermining our defenses, Ashcroft said."
A group of investors wants to start a TV network aimed at the estimated 8 million Muslims living in the United States.
"We believe them to be without merit, and will defend ourselves vigorously."
"KEDO Spokesman, Roland Tricot said: ""The executive board decided to refer this question to capitals."
It recommended that consideration be given to making the job of CIA director a career post instead of a political appointment.
"Werdegar also said Intel's servers weren't harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the E-mails stop, which Hamidi honored."
"Heavy weekend rain and runoff from heavy snowmelt sent a mountain creek on a rampage, washing out a culvert and opening the sinkhole in I-70 east of Vail."
Feith said people have misconstrued the purpose of the small intelligence review team he assembled in October 2001.
"The mock explosion, the first event in the drill, occurred in a car in industrial south Seattle."
"He attends football training for three hours a day to accelerate the healing process, and has lost 17 kilograms since October."
"Josephine Burke, who ran the unlicensed daycare, eventually served four months in prison on misdemeanor assault and child neglect charges."
Their father had pleaded with the doctors to stop the fight after his wife's euthanasia bid left their son in a coma and he was put on life-support.
"For the third time in the past four years, wildfires are the problem."
"PNC regrets its involvement in the deals, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James Rohr said in a statement."
"Amgen shares gained 93 cents, or 1.45 percent, to $65.05 in afternoon trading on Nasdaq."
"In Somalia, only 26% of adolescent females (aged 10-19) have heard of Aids and just 1% know how to protect themselves."
"Since June of last year the Red Cross has spent $114 million on disasters, but taken in only $40 million in donations."
Attorneys for the Roman Catholic archdiocese and nearly 250 alleged victims began meeting last week to reach an out-of-court settlement.
"Elena Slough, considered to be the nation's oldest person and the third oldest person in the world, died early Sunday morning."
"For the 12-month period ending June 30, high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent."
"Early Wednesday, the benchmark 10-year US10YT=RR had lost 16/32 in price, driving its yield up to 3.33 percent from 3.26 percent late Tuesday."
More than 100 officers launched the raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine import and money laundering ring.
"The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 11.14, or 1.2 percent, to 931.41."""
"Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but Central Command sent hundreds who ran the war back home to Tampa, Florida."
The case comes out of Illinois and involves a for-profit company called Telemarketing Associates Inc.
"The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security, said the administration, part of the Homeland Security Department."
"ImClone Systems Inc. and OSI Pharmaceuticals Inc. are developing similar medications, designed to target tumor cells while sparing healthy ones."
"Consumers who said jobs are difficult to find jumped from 29.4 to 32.6, while those claiming work was plentiful slipped from 13 to 12.6."
Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter.
"They include Ask Jeeves Inc., Global Crossing, Aether Systems, Clarent, Copper Mountain Networks and VA Linux, now VA Software."
"Williams was White, and four of his victims were Black; the fifth was White."
An international warrant for his arrest was issued both to the Ghanaian authorities and to Interpol.
"The other 18 people in the building, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend, were not injured, police spokesman Don Aaron said."
U.S. prosecutors have arrested more than 130 individuals and have seized more than $17 million in a continuing crackdown on Internet fraud and abuse.
"The draft statement said progress on the nuclear issue and the pending trade deal were ""interdependent, indissociable and mutually reinforcing elements""."
The indictment charges that Mzoudi was involved in preparations for the attack until the end and was aware of and supported the attackers' violent goals.
"Monday's attacks Monday were among the deadliest against Americans since Sept. 11, 2001."
"The new WPAN standard uses the 2.4-GHz unlicensed frequency band and specifies raw data rates of 11M, 22M, 33M, 44M and 55Mbit/sec."
The institute estimates that last year 15.7 per cent of the average supermarket's sales and more than half of gross margin went to pay employee costs.
"Gemstar's shares gathered up 2.6 percent, adding 14 cents to $5.49 at the close."
Trading in Loral was halted yesterday; the shares closed on Monday at $3.01.
The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq indexes recorded their third straight week of gains.
The chip also features an updated LongRun power and heat management system.
Vaccine makers have been thrust into the limelight as government programs to encourage wider vaccination and fears of biological attacks on civilian and military targets.
"He said the space program is developing antisatellite weapons and robotic space weapons, but said he did not think that the Shenzhou V had military applications."
"The court case does not include another rule, which also took effect Nov. 29, that allows cell customers to keep their phone numbers when they switch wireless companies."
America has accused Syria of not doing enough to prevent foreign fighters infiltrating through its eastern border into Iraq to attack U.S.-led coalition forces.
"Under the agreement, LendingTree shareholders would receive 0.6199 of a USAi share for each share in LendingTree."
Supermarket chains facing a possible grocery clerk strike this week accused union leaders Monday of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend.
Last month Intel raised its revenue guidance for the quarter to between $7.6 billion and $7.8 billion.
"Prospects for the whole Canadian aerospace industry are improving with recent developments contributing to the enhancement of the aircraft financing capability in this country, Mr. Tellier said."
"But they did not, as of the time of this particular tragic event, provide the security we had requested, Mr Jordan said."
He acted as an international executive producer on Who Wants to be a Millionaire and The Weakest Link.
"November 17's last victim was British defence attache Stephen Saunders, who was shot on an Athens road in June 2000."
"The NASD also alleges Young flew multiple times on Tyco corporate jets, often accompanied by Kozlowski."
"The shares represent more than half the 115.9 million shares Turner held at the end of April, according to Bloomberg data."
"The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the 2-week-old fire that already had blackened 70,000 acres."
"But when no justice announced a retirement when the court's term ended in June, it was seen as making those efforts moot."
"A spokesman said: ""Since November, we have co-operated fully with the police."
Today's barrage could have been a show of force as the military steps up security against threats of intensified attacks over the Christmas holiday by Baghdad's 14 identified guerrilla cells.
"The upcoming second-quarter earnings season will be particularly important in offering investors guidance, they say."
"At Tuesday's arraignment hearing, Marsh pleaded not guilty to 122 counts of burial service fraud and 47 counts of making false statements."
"Under the final tax bill, most dividends and capital gains would be taxed at 15 per cent until the end of 2008."
"In 1980, 6% of children aged six to 18 were overweight, he said."
"Wyles previous feature credits include White Oleander, Enough and Donnie Darko."
"A slit the size of one created in the test would let in a stream of gas three times as hot as a blowtorch."""
Dealers said the dollar also drew some downside support as Japanese investors are expected to keep snapping up foreign bonds amid the yen's rise against the dollar.
"I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks, Dean said Friday in a telephone interview from New Hampshire."
"Intel will use this advancement along with other innovations, such as strained silicon and tri-gate transistors, to extend transistor scaling and Moore's Law, he added."
"Three Cubans were executed for hijacking a Cuban ferry a day later, and six Cubans face trial in Key West in December over a March plane hijacking."
The comment period was to have expired on Monday.
The prosecutor said the company knowingly underestimated to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) the number of safety complaints involving the device.
"Nicholas is the uncle of Louima, the Haitian immigrant who was sexually tortured by NYPD cops in 1997."
"The report confirmed the ACLU's view that the civil liberties and rights of immigrants ""were trampled in the aftermath of 9/11,"" said Romero."
"The new effort, Taxpayers Against the Recall, will be formally launched Wednesday outside a Sacramento fire station."
"The American Chamber of Commerce and InvestHK, which oversees investment into the territory, are talking to other bands to ask them to step in."
SCO says the pricing terms for a license will not be announced for weeks.
"A new study, conducted in Europe, found the medicine worked just as well as an earlier disputed study, sponsored by ImClone Systems, said it did."
Meningitis is an infection of the spinal cord fluid and the tissue around the brain.
"By contrast, the Senate-passed prescription drug plan requires seniors to pay 50 percent of drug costs, with a $275 deductible each year."
"I feel that my supervision was inadequate, Minister of Health Twu Shiing-jer told parliament after he tendered his resignation to the island's premier."
"The man, Fazul Abdullah Mohammed, a Comoros islander, is on the U.S. FBI's list of most wanted suspects."
Crossing Jordan will be back in January after star Jill Hennessy gives birth.
Stanford (46-15) takes on South Carolina today at 11 a.m. in the first game of the College World Series.
"NASA officials are delicately seeking advice on what to do with the 84,000 shattered pieces from Columbia, cautiously broaching the idea of putting some shuttle parts on display."
The Oct. 9 hearing date is two days after the Lakers open their pre-season with two games in Hawaii.
"Wal-Mart, the nation's largest private employer, has expanded its antidiscrimination policy to protect gay and lesbian employees, company officials said Tuesday."
Campaign officials said the moves may have been a source of some friction with Fowler.
Fighting erupted after four North Korean journalists confronted a dozen South Korean activists protesting human rights abuses in the North outside the main media centre.
"In that case, the court held that Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning only the advertising pamphlets in the interest of aesthetics."
"The chipset will operate in the 2.4-GHz band, and features radio signal interference prevention and low power consumption."
United States State Department spokesman Richard Boucher said: 'It is our judgment that the possible avenues to a peaceful resolution were not fully explored at the Tokyo conference.
"Smallpox is not the only threat to the public's health, and vaccination is not the only tool for smallpox preparedness, Strom said."
"In Canada, Tim Hortons' same-store sales were up as much as 6.7 per cent."
"A spokesman said: ""Further testing is under way but at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook is positive."""
"At first, the animals’ performance declined compared to the sessions on the joystick."
"He plans to have dinner with troops at Kosovo's U.S. military headquarters, Camp Bondsteel."
"We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of ... Sept. 11th."
You can use interactive features on the IRS Web site (www.irs.gov) to track refunds or advance child-credit payments.
"He will be paid $395,000 per year, up from Atkinson's current salary of $361,400."
The rebels suspended peace talks with the government April 21 citing a lack of progress.
"Warden Gene Fischi said the two inmates broke a 12-by-18-inch cell window, threw a mattress to the ground, and shimmied down the makeshift rope to a second-story roof."
The author is one of several defense experts expected to testify.
"In a major setback to consumers, a federal judge granted the government's request Thursday to shut down a company that helps customers buy cheaper prescription drugs from Canada."
"Roberson was bitten on the back and scratched on the leg, according to her mother, Shamika Woumnm of Dorchester."
"But the Quartet is divided three-to-one, the United States against the rest, on the question of whether they should treat Arafat as the representative of the Palestinian people."
Shares of McDonald's Corp. and Wendy's International Inc. continued a modest run-up on the New York Stock Exchange Monday.
"As part of a 2001 agreement to extradite them from Canada, prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty."
"Most economists had expected a more dire report, with many anticipating the fifth month of job losses in six months."
The poll shows Bill White supported by 53 percent of surveyed voters -- Orlando Sanchez by 35 percent.
"It passed only after Republicans won the support of two wavering senators, Democrat Ben Nelson of Nebraska and Republican George Voinovich of Ohio."
"Median household income declined 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $42,409."
"Whitey Bulger is now on the law enforcement agency's ""10 Most Wanted"" list alongside Osama bin Laden."
"The report released Monday simply says, This report does not attempt to address the complexities of this issue."
"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats to our future -- terrorism -- this Bush administration chose to settle old scores, he said."
"In April, it had forecast operating earnings in the range of 60 to 80 cents a share."
"Carlton Dotson, a teammate who lives in Hurlock, Md., said he talked to police Friday but was instructed not to talk about the case."
"Grant also has been elected to Monsanto's board of directors, the company said in a statement."
"Additionally, the new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server."
"I've stopped looters, run political parties out of abandoned buildings, caught people with large amounts of cash and weapons, Williams said."
"We're optimistic we can deliver the vaccine to these people in time to do good, said Dr. David Fleming of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention."
Wal-Mart estimates more than 100 million Americans visit their stores every week.
"City Councilman Cedric Wilson said those killed were Cpl. James Crump, Officer Arnold Strickland and dispatcher Ace Mealer."
"The incubation period in cattle is four to five years, said Stephen Sundlof of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration."
This issue is unlikely to be resolved until lawmakers return from their summer recess in early September.
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and other top Pentagon officials downplayed Wallace's comments.
Gasps could be heard in the courtroom when the photo was displayed.
"It seems to me you're trying to protect privacy of theft, she said to Barr."
"Mr. Yandarbiyev resides in Doha, Qatar, and Russian authorities have unsuccessfully tried to have him extradited for nearly two years."
"Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman Billy Tauzin, R-La., said Friday that he will hold a hearing on the blackout as soon as lawmakers return in September."
General Jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity for the period he was in office at Yarralumla.
"About 1,000 people attended the ceremony, kicking off two days of observances tied to the March on Washington."
"This change in attitude gave upscale purveyors including Neiman Marcus, the parent of Bergdorf Goodman; and Nordstrom strong sales gains in May."
"In his speech, Cheney praised Barbour's accomplishments as chairman of the Republican National Committee."
"Robert Liscouski, the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Infrastructure Protection, will oversee NCSD."
Bush already is halfway to his goal of raising $150 million to $170 million for next year's primaries.
"The German financial regulator, BaFin, may prove critical of WestLB's risk assessment."
"In a series of raids, Moroccan police arrested 33 suspects on Saturday, including some linked to the radical Djihad Salafist group, a senior official said."
Both were charged with four counts of aggravated assault and 14 counts of endangering the welfare of children.
"Excluding litigation charges, RIM's loss narrowed even further to 1 cent a share."
"I never grabbed anyone and then pulled up their shirt and grabbed their breasts, and stuff like that.	That I pulled up their shirt and grabbed their breasts and stuff like that: this is not me.
1	2720998	2720694	The death of al-Ghozi signals that terrorists will never get far in the Philippines,"" Arroyo said in a statement on Monday."
This northern autumn US trainers will work with soldiers from four North African countries on patrolling and gathering intelligence.
Prairie dogs sold as exotic pets are believed to have been infected in an Illinois pet shop by a Gambian giant rat imported from Africa.
Some Boston managers are concerned that banning smoking will create safety hazards as groups of smokers huddle outside bars and nightclubs.
"Justice John Paul Stevens compared the interrogation of Martinez to ""an attempt to obtain an involuntary confession from a prisoner by torturous methods."""
"The deal, approved by both companies' board of directors, is expected to be completed in the third quarter of Nvidia's fiscal third quarter."
He said his hatred for such people grew from these discussions and had helped convince him violence was the answer.
"As planned, the services will be rolled into Yukon when it ships (see story)."
"As a professional, he added, ""I think I'd like to be thought of as a good storyteller."
"The UAW earlier this week reached tentative agreements, also for four years, with Ford Motor Co., DaimlerChrysler AG's Chrysler Group and supplier Visteon Corp."
"The head of the panel -- Tillie Fowler, a former US representative from Florida -- told present and past commanders that cadets don't trust them."
"The board did so and accepted that resignation, said McCall, who chaired the meeting."
Roberts said his committee was briefed about a week ago about the likelihood of a major attack in Saudi Arabia.
"Third-quarter revenue declined to $36.9 billion from $39.3 billion, primarily reflecting lower vehicle sales."
"In a statement later, he said it appeared his side may have fallen a bit short."
The plan is to convert half of its eight million local phone lines within the next six years.
"SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a ""building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."""
"Mr Annan also warned the US should not use the war on terror as an excuse to suppress ""long-cherished freedoms""."
It is almost certain to exacerbate the bitter divisions between Washington and Europe that have not abated since the end of the war in Iraq.
The state's House delegation currently consists of 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans.
Prosecutors said the investment was a breach of duty and resulted in the pension fund immediately losing $1 million.
"Global HRT sales, which are dominated by Wyeth of the US, were worth $3.8bn in 2001, according to Data- monitor, the London-based market research company."
"Chances were, he said more than a week ago, he would see people who year after year pick the same place to sit."
They also drafted a non-binding priorities list specifying that a quarter of it may be used to reduce planned 5 percent cuts in fees paid to health-care providers.
The 90-minute exchange in Boston took place at a debate focusing on the issues of interest to young people.
"Spinal Concepts, launched in 1996, makes orthopedic medical devices used during spinal fusion surgical procedures."
"Over the weekend, NASA landed a six-wheeled robot on Mars to study the planet."
He also recruited others to participate in the scheme by convincing them to receive fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered for himself.
"The stock rose $2.11, or about 11 percent, to close Friday at $21.51 on the New York Stock Exchange."
The compilers are available in two flavors: the Intel C++ Compiler for Microsoft eMbedded Visual C++ retails for USD$399 and is intended for application development use.
"Researchers predicted an additional 23 cases of dementia a year for every 10,000 women on the therapy."
PwC itself paid $5m last year over alleged violations of independence rules.
"Grass' plea will leave Rite Aid's former vice chairman and chief counsel, Franklin C. Brown, to stand trial alone in federal court starting Monday."
"The sentence reflects the seriousness with which our office and the courts views these crimes, Spitzer said in a statement."
"Another brother, Ali Imron, was sentenced to life in prison after cooperating with investigators and showing remorse."
"But software license revenues, a measure financial analysts watch closely, decreased 21 percent to $107.6 million."
"One can say that the euro at the moment is about at the level which better reflects the fundamentals, he said."
"Common side effects include nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough, the FDA said."
"The court on Monday reversed the decision of that court, the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals."
"September and third quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly, said George Scalise, president of the SIA."
"Mr Martin said the company is ""cautiously optimistic regarding some improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of 2003""."
"Had the creditors turned down the bailout plan, LG Group might have been forced to close down its credit card business."
He reportedly claims Prime Minister Sir Allan Kemakeza had made a deal with him to keep his guns while Harold Keke's group was armed.
"The Tuesday Supreme Court announcement stems from an appeal involving Michael Newdow, a California atheist whose 9-year-old daughter, like most elementary schoolchildren, hears the pledge recited daily."
RAAF officers said yesterday a fully armed F/A-18 Hornet fighter-bomber was positioned to intercept the intruder.
"We did not want to shut down, Lawrence Diamond, the CFO, said as O'Donnell lawyer Matthew Fishbein questioned him."
"Due to economic and creative realities, many key people will not be returning, producer David E. Kelley said in a statement."
"First, the target was not clear . . . we should have authentic evidence of the target that they really hate Islam, he said."
The film stars James Brolin as Mr. Reagan and Judy Davis as Mrs. Reagan.
The third case involved contracts signed by Sierra Pacific Resources SRP.N utility Nevada Power Co. and two municipal utilities.
"Today, analysts say, UN members can no longer ignore the shifts since the September 11 2001 attacks."
"The driver of the truck escaped and is now being sought by the police, Supoyo said."
They were at Raffles Hospital over the weekend for further evaluation.
Malaysia has launched an aggressive media campaign over its water dispute with Singapore.
The Bluetooth SIG made its announcement at the Bluetooth World Congress in Amsterdam this week.
MySQL AB on Tuesday announced that it had ported its open-source database to the HP-UX operating system on the 64-bit Intel Itanium 2 processor.
"Nobody really knows what happened except me and that guard, Kaye said, ""and I can assure you that what he said happened didn't happen."""
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads tightened in spotty trading on Friday as Wall Street labored to get back on its feet after the largest power outage ever in North America.
"Close co-operation between our law enforcement agencies, close co-operation between our intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism."
"I just got carried away and started making stuff, Byrne said."
"He died doing something he loved, William Dusenbery, Sr., who lives in Fairview Heights, just outside St. Louis, Mo."
"The attack on the al-Rashid Hotel, during the visit of Deputy Defence Secretary Paul Wolfowitz underscores the nature of the problem."
"Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling...against little or no competition, Hubach said in the statement."
"A company spokesman declined to comment further Wednesday, and a Redding Medical Center official didn't immediately return telephone calls."
National Breast Cancer Centre chief executive Professor Christine Ewan said it was too early to quantify the risk to women.
Express Scripts ESRX.O shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $66.89 on the Nasdaq.
Amazon also reported that the New York Attorney General's office had settled civil fraud charges with one of the spoofers it identified.
Tehran has made clear it will only sign the Additional Protocol introducing such inspections if a ban on the import of civilian Western nuclear technology is lifted.
The per-share earnings were 4 cents per share higher than the expectations of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.
The defense cannot appeal Roush's ruling until after the trial.
"The bulk of the funds, some $65 billion, will go for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan."
"The document, headlined Information for Health Care Professionals, warns of potential panic attacks, psychosis and convulsions."
"Without going into specifics, Oracle managers also indicated PeopleSoft's roughly 8,000 workers could expect mass layoffs."
"The condition is associated with heart disease, chronic kidney disease, blindness, and amputations."
"The others were ABN AMRO AAH.AS , ING ING.AS , Goldman Sachs GS.N and Rabobank [RABN.UL]."
"His plan would cost more than $200 billion annually, which Gephardt would pay for by repealing Bush's tax cuts."
"Barbini said the union may reach a compromise with the United States but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry successfully fought here."
"Born in 1953 in Baghdad, her father was Salih Magdi Ammash, a former Vice-President, Defence Minister and member of the Baath party leadership."
An attempt last month in the Senate to keep the fund open for another year fell flat.
Lay had argued that handing over the documents would be a violation of his Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination.
"The proceedings were taken up with prosecutors outlining their case against Amrozi, reading 33 pages of documents outlining allegations against him."
"The broad Standard & Poor's 500 <.SPX> eased 0.37 of a point, or 0.03 percent, at 1,121."
"Nearly all of Ford's second-quarter profit came from Ford Credit, which earned a net $401 million, up 21.5 percent."
It's been a busy couple of days for security gurus assigned to keep their companies safe and sound.
"Bush's aides describe Omaha as the most crucial stop, since Sen. Ben Nelson (D-Neb.) has become their top lobbying target on the tax cut package."
"Under the plan being announced Wednesday in Washington, GM will provide Dow manufacturing plants with trucks containing fuel cell conversion equipment."
"The UMass president has acknowledged talking to him once since he went on the lam in 1995, just before federal indictments were handed down."
"Of course I want to win again, but I think is worse when you never won before because you are very anxious, he says."
"The lives of American warfighters can be placed at direct risk through illegal transfer of military components, said Defense Department Inspector General Joseph Schmitz."
"Sobig.F spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain such familiar headings as ""Thank You!,"" ""Re: Details"" or ""Re: That Movie."""
"Mr Russell, 46, a coal miner from Brisbane, said: ""They are obviously hurting, so we are basically going over there to help them."""
"The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a 'compromise.'"
"In hardest-hit Taipei, traffic has disappeared from once bustling streets, ubiquitous department stores stand mostly empty and restaurants are eerily quiet."
"In Nairobi, Kenya, the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of All Saints Cathedral, said the U.S. Episcopal Church ""is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion."""
Hidalgo County Judge Ramon Garcia remembers how he and his friends used to have to sneak around the school yard to speak Spanish.
"They went into the operations of their own free will,"" their father Dadollah Bijani said."
"Peterson, a former fertilizer salesman, is charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and the baby boy she was carrying."
Attorneys for the defense and media have filed documents opposing a gag order.
The Legislature returns today for a special session and they're expected to pass a compromise bill aimed at lowering doctors' medical malpractice insurance rates.
"Sovereign's shares lost 74 cents, or 4.5%, to $15.68."
"The fire began about two hours later, the result of an explosion that was likely caused by a steam leak, officials said."
"30 years waiting for you, read one banner hoisted over the crowd, as many wept tears of happiness at finally seeing and hearing their idol."
The support will come as a free software upgrade called WebVPN for current customers that have support contracts.
Air Transport Association spokeswoman Diana Cronan said that travel was down in May through July and that she also expected it to be off over Labor Day.
"Even the pizza man took part, delivering a flier with the missing girl's picture along with the pizza and a two-liter bottle of Pepsi to Cruz's house."
"A year or two later, 259, or 10 per cent, of the youths reported that they had started to smoke, or had taken just a few puffs."
"Its maker, MedImmune Inc., based in Gaithersburg, made 4 million to 5 million doses this year."
"Through Thursday, Oracle said 34.75 million PeopleSoft shares had been tendered."
"Clearly, the debate (over recent developments) has had an effect, says David Smith of the Human Rights Campaign."
"Yunos allegedly prepared the bombs' wiring while Al-Ghozi reportedly admitted preparing the switch on the alarm-clock triggers and packing the explosives, the prosecutors said."
The U.S. State Department travel warning said the threat to aircraft by terrorists using shoulder-fired missiles continues in Kenya and includes Nairobi.
"In fact, I was physically sick several times at this stage, because he looked so desperate, she said."
"Robert Walsh, 40, remained in critical but stable condition Friday at Staten Island University Hospital's north campus."
"Despite their differences, U.S. and EU leaders said there were areas of agreement."
"Peterson, 27, was eight months pregnant when she disappeared in the days before Christmas."
"The suspected militants ambushed the convoy Saturday near the town of Spinboldak, said U.S. military spokesman Lt. Col. Douglas Lefforge."
"Along with chip.m.aker Intel, the companies include Sony Corp., Microsoft Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co., International Business Machines Corp., Gateway Inc., Nokia Corp. and others."
"CCAG supported Bill Curry, Rowland's opponent in the 2002 gubernatorial election."
"Jackson, 45, posted a $3 million bond and returned to Las Vegas, where he is filming a music video."
"The little girl, the daughter of a teller, was taken to the bank after a doctor's appointment."
"The stock rose $2.11, or about 11 percent, to close on Friday at $21.51 on the New York Stock Exchange."
"Please, keep doing your homework, said Bavelier, the mother of three."
"The Coast Guard airlifted the survivors to Bartlett Regional Hospital, Wetherell said."
"He says that ""this is a time when we priests need to be renewing our pledge to celibacy, not questioning it."
"In trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Kraft shares fell 25 cents to close at $32.30."
"On May 22, 2002, a man walking his dog came across some of Levy's bones in Washington's Rock Creek Park."
Duke and North Carolina have been resolute in their positions against expansion.
Media giant Vivendi Universal EAUG.PA V.N set to work sifting through bids for its U.S. entertainment empire on Monday in a multibillion-dollar auction of some of Hollywood's best-known assets.
"Mr Adams, managing director, will become chief executive on January 1."
"The company posted a profit of $54.3 million, or 22 cents per share, in the year-ago period."
The new link between Mohammed and Pearl was first reported in Tuesday's editions of The Wall Street Journal.
The device plays Internet radio streams and comes with a 30-day trial of RealNetworks' Rhapsody music service.
"The industry groups non-manufacturing index rose to 50.7 during the month, up from Marchs reading of 47.9."
The result is an overall package that will provide significant economic growth for our employees over the next four years.
He was sentenced to five years in prison at at Kingston Crown Court yesterday after pleading guilty to the attempted abduction of a teenager.
"The skull is then punctured, the brain suctioned out, and that causes the skull to collapse so it can be removed from the birth canal."
The new research will be published soon in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
"That means that if the planet is in a season, it will continue to brighten for the next 20 years."
"France, Russia, China and others had advocated a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen Iraqi authority international legitimacy."
BOCHK chief executive Liu Jinbao was transferred abruptly to Beijing last month.
"The global death toll approached 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the SARS virus first appeared in southern China in November."
A former employee of a local power company pleaded guilty Wednesday to setting off a bomb that knocked out a power substation during the Winter Olympics last year.
"Shares in Wal-Mart closed at $58.28, up 16 cents, in Tuesday trading on the New York Stock Exchange."
"When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right,"" said Charles Weisselberg, a UC Berkeley law professor."
The show's closure affected third-quarter earnings per share by a penny.
"One of the company's employees was hospitalized in critical condition at Lee Memorial Hospital in Fort Myers, said hospital administrative assistant Alex Reichert."
"Zulifquar Ali, a worshipper slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the assailants first targeted the mosque's security guards."
And although he has acted in period dramas before in screen versions of Jane Austens Persuasion and Charlotte Brontes Jane Eyre Henchard is a breed apart.
"Georgia cannot afford to not get funding,"" said Dr. Melinda Rowe, Chatham County's health director."
"It's probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program, but I look forward to the challenge, Parsons told reporters at NASA headquarters."
"PC-related products were the strongest sellers, with microprocessors up 5.6 percent and DRAMs up 8.2 percent, the SIA said."
The company reported that it terminated Sequent's Unix contract for improper transfer of source code and development methods into Linux.
"Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist, a Tennessee Republican, said he intended to work to get the loan provision removed from the final bill."
"At present, the FCC will not request personal identifying information prior to allowing access to the wireless network."
"Expenses are expected to be approximately $2.3 billion, at the high end of the previous expectation of $2.2-to-$2.3 billion."
"There is one drug on the market for macular degeneration, Visudyne, and it is approved for the treatment of only one subtype that represents a minority of cases."
"U.S. Wireless restated its financial results when fraud was uncovered, increasing its fiscal year 2000 loss to $17 million from $11 million."
"Analysts surveyed by Reuters Research had been looking for, on average, revenue of $723 million and a loss of 28 cents a share."
"With more and more Bluetooth-equipped cellular phones coming onto the market, ""people are going to be sorry if they didn't buy a PDA with Bluetooth,"" he said."
"Sorkin, who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury, was to have been tried separately."
"September and third-quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly, George Scalise, the SIA's president, said in the statement."
The significant highs Beijing chalked up before APEC was China's first space mission on October 15.
"The GPO previously closed bookstores in San Francisco, Boston, Philadelphia, Chicago, Birmingham, Cleveland, and Columbus."
These are real crimes that hurt a lot of people.
"Stack said he did no work for Triumph until 1999, when a grand jury began investigating Silvester."
The Washington Post said Airlite would shut down its first shift and parts of the second shift Monday to accommodate the president’s appearance.
The launch marks the start of a new golden age in Mars exploration.
"When ex-Mepham head coach Kevin McElroy walked into the court to testify, some of the victims' supporters turned their backs on him."
"The Pentagon had hoped to retain control of the postwar effort, so the decision is a victory for Secretary of State Colin L. Powell."
"Dotson admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head ""because Patrick had tried to shoot him,"" according to an arrest warrant released Tuesday."
"Oh yeah, Miami, Boston College and Syracuse leaving the Big East to take a seat in the Atlantic Coast Conference."
"Phone calls to Spitzer's office, Citigroup and Goldman Sachs were not immediately returned."
"The meeting was scheduled to end Wednesday night, with attendees approving resolutions that express the denomination's view on issues but that are not binding on churches."
"Another shooting linked to the spree occurred Nov. 11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway."
It would have been the first time in Texas history that the comptroller had not certified the budget.
It has a plus or minus 4.9 percent margin of error.
Federal Judge William Barbour said Tuesday he imposed the maximum sentence because Avants showed no remorse in the brutal slaying.
"By its actions, the Bush administration threatens to give a bad name to a just war, Lieberman said."
The Hulk weekend take surpasses the previous June record of $54.9-million for Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me.
Yale spokesman Tom Conroy said the university was prepared to keep the campus running with temporary workers and managers doing extra work.
The remaining five men continue to be questioned under Section 17 of the Terrorism Act.
"The 2 1/2 -ton probe will plunge into the thick Jovian atmosphere today at 3:49 p.m. Eastern time, disintegrating moments later from the friction generated by its 108,000-mph free-fall."
"Joe Nichols captured new male vocalist honors, riding back-to-back hits ""The Impossible"" and ""Brokenheartedsville."""
"Under the legislation, a physician who performed the procedure could face up to two years in prison."
"At his request, he will be reassigned within the district."
"A top aide to state Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver was charged Wednesday with raping an unidentified, 22-year-old female state Assembly employee."
Gateway will release new Profile 4 systems with the new Intel technology on Wednesday.
"A day earlier, a committee appointed by reformist President Mohammad Khatami called for an independent judicial inquiry into Kazemi's death."
"In January, Georgia's U.N. envoy Revaz Adamia accused Russia of annexing the region and appealed to the Security Council to ""assume effective leadership over the peace process."""
Overwhelmingly the Windows brand really resonated with them.
Some women are also concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.
"Tokyo Electric Power Co., Asia's largest power company, won approval to restart the first of 17 nuclear reactors it shut down after it admitted falsifying inspection reports."
"On Friday, the Concorde started up around sunrise and seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun."
The warning was the most serious the 15-nation bloc has sent Iran since they began negotiating a trade and cooperation agreement late last year.
He said it was not possible to rule out that the chemical was a cancer risk to humans.
"The couple was granted an annulment in September 2001 and Joanie Harper was given sole custody of Marques and Lyndsey, court records show."
"If Walker appeals Parrish's ruling, it would stop the extradition process and could take several months, Rork said."
"In New Hampshire yesterday, Mr Bush reiterated Saddam's regime ""possessed and used weapons of mass destruction, sponsored terrorist groups and inflicted terror on its own people""."
"Tyco later said the loan had not been forgiven, and Swartz repaid it in full, with interest, according to his lawyer, Charles Stillman."
A council resolution is considered essential in giving Iraqi or U.S.-controlled entities in Baghdad the legal authority to export oil.
"A $500 million natural-gas-fired power plant, for example, could replace up to $100 million in boilers yearly without adding new smog controls."
Jim Furyk celebrated his first Father's Day as a father by winning his first major golf championship.
"For the full 12-month period ending June 30, advanced services lines of all technology types increased by 56 percent."
"In the present case, Mr. Day said he hoped there would be another mediated out-of-court settlement, and he estimated that it could approach $30 million."
"Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative, but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children."
"In September, a 27-year-old Singapore researcher contracted SARS while working in a laboratory."
"Notes: Cabrera, at 20 years, 63 days, is the second-youngest player to debut with the Marlins."
"From Florida to Alaska, thousands of revelers vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages."
"Malpractice victims say limits on damage payouts make it less likely lawyers will take cases, meaning access to justice could be denied."
"The other 18 people inside the building - two visitors and 16 employees, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend - escaped without injury, Aaron said."
"The report was found Oct. 23, tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation."
The NLC advised motorists to stay at home and petrol stations to shut down during the strike.
The House passed a similar measure by a wide margin on Sept. 9.
"Still, he said, ""I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill."""
The work appears in the Oct. 22/29 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association.
They later fell out and have backed a series of rival Congolese militias in recent years.
"President George W. Bush said he's appointed Paul Bremer, a security and counter-terrorism expert, as the top U.S. official overseeing the reconstruction of Iraq."
"The program will grow to include ports in Dubai, Turkey and Malaysia, among others."
"Brian Florence, 38, died Sept. 25 of a heart attack in Alexandria, said the couple's lawyer, Maranda Fritz."
"Mr Goh on his part, described the visit as especially important - given the SARS situation."
"BEA Systems Inc. BEAS.O on Thursday said second-quarter profits rose 28 percent, as revenues grew amid a contracting overall market for business software."
"The ruling ``is so wrong that we are extremely confident that it will not withstand our appeal to the Sixth Circuit,'' Taubman Centers said in a statement."
Minister Saud al-Faisal's visit was disclosed Monday by two administration officials who discussed it on condition of not being identified by name.
"This will be a marathon, not a sprint, said Jimmy D. Staton, a senior vice president with the utility."
"Late last year, for example, more than 1800 US soldiers were placed in Djibouti to conduct counter-terrorism operations in the Horn of Africa."
He said that it would be ''very difficult'' to establish a cause of death.
"The format must be an open standard that has been formally ratified by an internationally recognized standards organization, and IP must be licensed under reasonable, non-discriminatory terms."
A picture of the doctor's son holding the guitar appeared in the National Enquirer just two weeks after George died.
The jury also found Gonzales guilty of using excessive force by dousing Olvera-Carrera with pepper spray.
"Tonight, 21-year-old Morgan and as many as 1,200 fellow students at Wheaton College will gather in the gym for the first real dance in the school's 143-year history."
"A U.S. Court of Appeals Thursday ruled that Microsoft (Quote, Company Info) does not have to carry the Java programming language in its Windows operating system."
"In fresh bloodshed last night, four Palestinian militants were killed by an explosion in the Gaza Strip, Palestinian witnesses and medics said."
The district also sent letters yesterday informing parents of the situation.
"Ultimately, however, Mrs Clinton decided she still loved her husband – although ""as a wife, I wanted to wring Bill's neck""."
PeopleSoft's board now has 10 business days to evaluate the Oracle offer and make a recommendation to its shareholders.
But U.S. troops will not shrink from mounting raids and attacking their foes when their locations can be pinpointed.
"In an editorial in the journal, two breast-cancer researchers said hormones' effect on the breast created a double-whammy that is ""almost unique"" in medicine."
Two of his cousins members of the Jordanian royal family have been mentioned as possible contenders to the throne.
"A neighbor said a duffel bag containing a woman's body was dug up, and the other body was encased in concrete."
"All of those governments have said their support will not waver, though public sentiment is rising against it."
"He added that we are ""not going to make progress if we don't broaden the tent."""
Feral's group was behind a successful tourism boycott about a decade ago that resulted in then-Gov. Walter J. Hickel imposing a moratorium on wolf control in 1992.
"The pill, which they call the ""polypill,"" would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering drug, three blood pressure-lowering drugs at half the standard dose and folic acid."
"A recent poll showed Edwards with a narrow lead in South Carolina, and he plans a rally there later on Tuesday."
"About 25 countries have signed in the past four months, and about half of those have been signed in the past few weeks."
"The Opposition Leader, Simon Crean, said John Howard had been forced to make changes by the incompetence of his ministers."
"Residents forced out of their homes on Sunday returned Monday, many to floods in their basements or lower floors."
"The US chip market is expected to decline 2.1 percent this year, then grow 15.7 percent in 2004."
"State wildlife officials have concluded that the fluorescent zebra fish from Florida poses no danger, and they have recommended that the state exempt it from the ban."
"Some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list, which was to take effect Oct. 1."
The moves came within four days of the crash and before the National Transportation Safety Board finished investigating.
"It still remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short or long lived, he said."
Mr. Brendsel is expected to remain with the Freddie Mac Foundation.
"Last year, the board raised rents by 2 percent on one-year renewals, 4 percent on two-year leases."
Two area lawmakers said Democrats might entice some Republicans to support a tax hike.
Shares of the Smithfield rose more than 8 percent as the company said it expected the transaction to boost earnings immediately.
"The company said that with proper funding, ABthrax could be available for emergency use as early as the end of 2004."
"Dylan Baker and Lindsay Frost play her parents, Ed and Lois Smart."
"The council comprises 13 Shi'ites, five Sunni Arabs, five Kurds, an Assyrian Christian and a Turkmen."
"The timing of [the miniseries] is absolutely staggering to me, Nancy Reagan said in a statement to Fox News Channel last week."
"The University of Michigan released a new undergraduate admission process Thursday, dropping a point system the U.S. Supreme Court found unconstitutional in June."
"Whether it works out, timewise, that I can march with all four ... we'll see what happens,"" he said."
The three-story brick building has apartments on the upper floors and the Snack Bar and Café downstairs.
The FBI is trying to determine when White House officials and members of the vice president’s staff first focused on Wilson and learned about his wife’s employment at the agency.
"Both were a few metres apart, Mr Laczynski pressing against the metal fence dividing court officials from the crowd."
"Hurricane Claudette moved toward the Texas coast on Tuesday and was expected to strengthen before making landfall later in the day, forecasters said."
"After more than two years' detention under the State Security Bureau, the four were found guilty of subversion in Beijing's No. 1 Intermediate Court last Wednesday."
"BOSTON The Catholic archdiocese in Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits, according to a document obtained by The Associated Press."
"Three American warships are off the Liberian coast carrying a total of 2,300 marines."
Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.
"The network is also dropping its Friday night ""Dateline"" edition."
"It consisted of eight blacks, two Guyanese and two whites."
"The Emeryville-based toy company filed suit Friday in federal court in Wilmington, Del., claiming Fisher-Price is violating its 1998 patent on interactive learning books for toddlers and preschoolers."
"This fire is going to have a great potential to get into those areas, Oltrogge said."
"The Agriculture Department already has issued a recall for 10,410 pounds of beef slaughtered Dec. 9 at Vern's Moses Lake Meat Co. in Moses Lake, Wash."
"The numbers are starting to change very, very quickly, Dr. Julie Gerberding, the CDC's director, told a news briefing Thursday."
The software giant announced at its company-sponsored TechEd conference in Dallas that two key products will enter customer testing.
"We can presume that we've prevented a very large number of infections and some significant amount of clinical disease, he said."
"Six months ago, the IMF and Argentina struck a bare-minimum $6.8-billion debt rollover deal that expires in August."
The Democratic primary results have a margin of error of plus or minus 6.1 percentage points.
"But in the end, all the worm did was visit a pornography site, said Vincent Weafer, a security director with Symantec Security Response in California."
"Dr Mark McClean, Jonathan's family doctor, said if the drug had been administered earlier Jonathan would have retained more of his brain functions."
"By late Thursday afternoon, Putnam said the U.S. Attorney in the Southern District of New York had subpoenaed its trading documents, raising the possibility of a criminal indictment."
Forecasters predict the storm will reach Earth at 3 p.m. eastern time Friday and could last up to 18 hours.
The two blond opponents appeared almost identical in matching powder-blue outfits – to their dismay.
"In addition to HP, vendors backing SMI-S include Computer Associates, EMC, IBM, Sun and Veritas."
A tradition of Labor Day racing was established long ago in the Inland Empire.
"The program, which downloads the pornographic material to the usurped computer only briefly to allow visitors to view it, is invisible to the computer's owner."
"The Ministry of Defence said that ""an investigation is being conducted into allegations that have been made against a British officer who was serving in Iraq""."
Mayor Mike Bloomberg weighs in former football star William 'The Refrigerator' Perry for the 88th annual Nathan's Famous Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest.
The supercomputer is actually an eServer and storage system with a peak speed of 7.3 trillion calculations per second.
"While rising consumer confidence is welcomed, it is not a component of gross domestic product, whereas new home sales are."
That means Democrats can block any Supreme Court nominee through a filibuster if they can get 40 of their members to agree.
"She had only a single condition, that the book not be published until her death."
"Some of us find the collateral damage greater than it needs to be in the conduct of this war, said Rep. Howard Berman, D-Calif."
"IBM said it believes that the investigation arose from a separate SEC investigation of a customer of IBM's Retail Store Solutions unit, which markets and sells point-of-sale products."
"It was never our intention to sell the product, said Health Minister Anne McClellan, a skeptic of medical marijuana use."
"Both devices use version 5.2 of the Palm operating system and feature a new design, which resembles a miniature notebook with a screen that swivels around 180 degrees."
"The FTC judge is set to render a decision on Dec. 18, which is viewed as the final chapter of a long-standing legal saga that's dragged on for years."
Total Information Awareness is now Terrorism Information Awareness.
It is not clear whether the apology was written on the orders of Mr Blair or at Mr Campbell's initiative.
"Under the adjusted definition, officials Thursday listed 29 cases as suspected and said that 107 other people showing possible SARS symptoms were being monitored."
"He said they should ""not really be patrolling or be around those areas when they ... are conducting their prayers."""
"The news comes after Drax's American owner, AES Corp. AES.N , last week walked away from the plant after banks and bondholders refused to accept its restructuring offer."
"As Samudra sat down to hear the indictment, he looked over to his nine lawyers and shouted ``God is Great'' three times."
The American Film Institute recently named her the top female screen legend.
"Also at increased risk are those whose immune systems suppressed by medications or by diseases such as cancer, diabetes and AIDS."
"In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 1.5 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 gained 0.3 percent and Germany's DAX index advanced 1.2 percent."
"The longer this series goes, the better chance Dirk has to play."
The weapon turned out to be a Halloween toy.
Its keywords are supported by Chinese language Web portals.
"Writing for the minority, Justice John Paul Stevens said the interrogation was akin to ""an attempt to obtain an involuntary confession from a prisoner by torturous methods."""
"Turning the corner does not mean we've crossed the finish line, Gregory told reporters."
"Congress twice before passed similar restrictions, but President Bill Clinton vetoed them."
Advanced Micro Devices Inc. Tuesday introduced its Athlon MP 2800+ processor for entry-level one- and two-way servers and workstations.
Wal-Mart said it would check all of its million-plus domestic workers to ensure they were legally employed.
"Gilead had earnings of $73.1 million, or 33 cents a share, compared with $20.8 million, or 10 cents, in the year-ago quarter."
"Saddam loyalists have been blamed for sabotaging the nation's infrastructure, as well as frequent attacks on U.S. soldiers."
"In March, Rowland's former deputy chief of staff pleaded guilty to accepting gold and cash in return for steering state contracts."
"I never thought I'd write these words, but here goes: I miss Vin Diesel."
They said he would be open to letting that license go to the city of Chicago.
"This blackout was largely preventable, said Spencer Abraham, US energy secretary."
"Congress twice passed partial birth bans, but former President Bill Clinton (news - web sites), citing the need for a health exception, vetoed both measures."
"The Justice Department Aug. 19 gave pre-clearance for the Oct. 7 date for the election to recall Gov. Gray Davis, saying it would not affect minority voting rights."
"Oracle shares were also higher, trading up 12 cents at $13.60."
"At first blush, then, the distinction drawn by the creators of the do-not-call registry would seem to draw the line in precisely the right place."
"The answer is clearly yes,"" said Dr. Larry Norton, deputy physician-in- chief for breast cancer programs at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center."
"We must not engage in borough warfare, Thompson testified at a budget hearing by the City Council's Finance Committee."
It is publishing the studies in the July issue of its Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology.
The legal ruling follows three days of intense speculation Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.
Ridge said no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.
"Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, had begun to read the Bible daily."
"Not only had Bashir given his blessing but he had asked ""that we hit the target well"", Mr Bafana said."
"Cullen, 43, is charged with murdering a Catholic clergyman and attempting to kill another patient at Somerset Medical Center."
"Veritas will offer its File System, Volume Manager and Cluster Server software products on SUSE Enterprise Server in the first quarter next year."
"Still, the ""somewhat ambiguous ruling"" might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product, Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said."
The study adds to the evidence that diet might affect a person's chances of developing the mind-robbing disease that affects 4 million Americans.
"The Russell 2000 index, the barometer of smaller company stocks, fell 2.52 to 410.23."
"I called the number and the lady told me she was talking on the phone to Toby Studabaker,'' Sherry Studabaker told BBC television."
"BAT BATS.L also said Managing Director Paul Adams would step up to chief executive from January 1, 2004, to ease the transition."
"Last year, he made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic nomination for governor."
"But as more people were shot, Moose had to admit that he couldn't give the public the safety it needed."
"She was very affectionate with them, said Blossom Medley, who also looked after the children."
"Sheena Young of Child, the national infertility support network, hoped the guidelines would lead to a more ""fair and equitable"" service for infertility sufferers."
"The search feature works with around 120,000 titles from 190 publishers, which translates into some 33 million pages of searchable text."
Eustachy acknowledged at a news conference Wednesday that he was an alcoholic and was seeking treatment.
"In Taiwan, the capital's mayor and other officials handed out free thermometers in a islandwide ``take-your-temperature'' campaign Sunday, amid evidence that containment efforts were also paying off."
"Although the preconditions for recovery remain in place, the prospect for external demand for UK output is weaker than previously expected."
"Oracle's offer ""undervalues the company and is not in the best interest of stockholders,"" PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway said."
"Mr. Clinton's national security adviser, Sandy Berger, said that the White House wasn't informed of the FBI activities."
"In Virginia, Mr. Kilgore, a Republican, accused the court of undermining ""Virginia's right to pass legislation that reflects the views and values of our citizens."""
"The addition of the house shooting expands the investigation area east by two miles, with the police now examining a seven-mile section of the freeway."
"The decision came a year after Whipple ended federal oversight of the district's racial balance, facilities, budget, and busing."
WinFS will require that applications be rewritten to exploit such capabilities.
Media moguls jostled for position as the deadline for bids for Vivendi Universal's U.S. entertainment empire neared on Monday in an auction of some of Hollywood's best-known assets.
"At his sentencing, Avants had tubes in his nose and a portable oxygen tank beside him."
"Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin and US President George W Bush."
"Taiwan has attempted to gain observer status to the United Nations-affiliated WHO for seven years, but again was rebuffed March 19 at its annual conference in Geneva."
He blamed guerrillas from the Taliban regime ousted in late 2001 and said it was possible the bomber died in the blast.
"We have found the smoking gun, investigating board member Scott Hubbard said."
Russian and Saudi officials on Monday signed a five-year agreement on cooperation in the oil and gas sector.
"He has declined to comment on the charges, but court documents indicate a lingering medical problem could be part of his defense."
"The new servers will run either Linux or the x86 version of Solaris, he said."
"Police Chief Superintendent Jesus Verzosa, who heads the national police intelligence group that had custody of Ghozi, has offered to resign, according to Ebdane."
"But Peterson added, ""I don't know anybody in the conference committee who's fighting to keep it out completely."""
The remains of three illegal immigrants were found Tuesday in a sweltering railroad car after fellow immigrants escaped and left behind their weakened companions.
"Donations stemming from the Sept. 11 attacks helped push up contributions to human service organizations and large branches of the United Way by 15 percent and 28.6 percent, respectively."
The company said it would issue revised guidance for the full fiscal year next month when it releases its Q2 results.
"The player's eyes were bloodshot and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 - well above Tennessee's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10, the report said."
"The technology-loaded Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC added 0.35 of a point, or 0.02 percent, to 1,662."
"The court today reversed the decision of that court, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit."
"Dick is going to be there as long as Dick wants to be there,"" Reuters reports Langone as saying."
Microsoft has proposed a work-around that consumers and enterprises should implement until a new patch is released.
"Daughter Renee Jackson said she often made ""huge pots of, like, beans and rice with, like, meat and casseroles"" for the whole family."
"These days, even death penalty proponents in the Legislature say they are solidly outnumbered by opponents."
It was expected to raise the $90 million McGreevey expected.
"Jirsa is being introduced as Marshall head coach today at a noon news conference in the Bob Hartley/Big Green Room of Cam Henderson Center, The Herald-Dispatch learned."
"Security experts are warning that a new mass-mailing worm is spreading widely across the Internet, sometimes posing as e-mail from the Microsoft founder."
Two women lost their battle in a British court yesterday to save their frozen embryos and use them to have children without the consent of their former partners.
His attorney said he is disputing the accusations through the securities dealers association's hearing process.
"Those findings, published in today's Journal of the American Medical Association, are the latest bad news about estrogen-progestin therapy."
"Police today charged three men, one aged 28 and two aged 26, with attempted murder, torture, rape, assault occasioning bodily harm, armed robbery and burglary."
The latest raid came as US lawmakers debate a report that accuses Saudi Arabia of not doing enough to counter terrorism.
The row intensified after Culture Minister Jean-Jacques Aillagon said the government would go ahead with planned cuts to unemployment benefits despite howls of protest from actors.
"The last time the survey was conducted, in 1995, those numbers matched."
"Asked about other possible attacks, Roberts said: ""I don't think there's any question about it that . . . they're going to be very global in nature."
The Commerce ruling Tuesday will impose a 44.71 percent tariff on dynamic random access memory semiconductors (DRAMS) made by Hynix Semiconductor Inc.
"By its actions, the Bush administration threatens to give a bad name to a just war, the Connecticut Democrat told a Capitol Hill news conference."
Two Atlanta companies that have not been accused of wrongdoing -- Delta Air Lines Inc. and the Home Depot -- were mentioned as having excessive pay packages for its CEOs.
Clark said the program would cost about $100 million a year and would be part of the Department of Homeland Security.
"It will also boost SuSE's sales reach worldwide and enhance HP's Linux business, they said."
"The United States says 1,882 Americans remain listed as missing in action and unaccounted for from the Vietnam War."
The anguish was detectable in the voices of those of Forlong's television colleagues who would speak on Monday.
"Buchan responded by first noting that, in crafting the tax relief packages, ""the president has always had both the short-term and the long-term in mind."""
"We are in the process of a thorough internal review with the assistance of outside professionals, she said in the statement."
Weather forecasters are sending out warnings for heavy rainfall that could wash out the tail end of the holiday weekend.
The differences between Grassley and Thomas on energy and Medicare have become so pointed that other members say their angry personal relationship is embarrassing the party.
The discovery was published yesterday in the New England Journal of Medicine.
He planned Monday to formally announce the effort alongside several union presidents.
"Unable to find a home for him, a judge told mental health authorities they needed to find supervised housing and treatment for DeVries somewhere in California."
They remain 40 percent below the levels prior to February's initial overstatement news.
GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical.
It’s just another example of the global war on terrorism and why this is going to be a long effort”.
"The industry is working with the FDA ""to get firm answers and not just speculation,"" he told Reuters Health."
"The Foreign Office said there was a ""clear"" risk of terrorist attack in Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia, Tanzania and Uganda."
"It said the operation, which began on Monday, was part of ""the continued effort to eradicate Baath Party loyalists, paramilitary groups and other subversive elements."""
"Investigators have meticulously looked into virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, Campbell has acknowledged."
"The only commercial carrier flying to Baghdad, Royal Jordanian, also suspended its flights for three days."
"Dotson, 21, admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head ""because Patrick had tried to shoot him,"" according to an arrest warrant released yesterday."
"For the full 12-month period, high-speed cable modem connections increased by 49 percent."
"However, John Clare, chief executive of the Dixons Group, expressed his disappointment."
He is charged in three bombings in Atlanta _ including a blast at the 1996 Olympics _ along with the bombing in Alabama.
"Then the authority can hold another set of public hearings on raising commuting costs, the judge said."
Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners premiums might finally be getting relief.
"After three months, Atkins dieters had lost an average of 14.7 pounds compared with 5.8 pounds in the conventional group."
"His band in the early 1930's included the pianist Teddy Wilson, the saxophonist Chu Berry, the trombonist J. C. Higginbotham and the drummer Sid Catlett."
"Counties with population declines will be Vermillion, Posey and Madison."
"The number of probable cases dropped to 64 on Tuesday from 66 on Monday in and around Toronto, a city of four million people."
"Intel was disappointed and assessing its ""options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel,"" spokesman Chuck Mulloy said."
Token-issuing framework provides capabilities that build on WS-Security and define extensions to request and issue security tokens and to manage trust relationships and secure conversations.
"I am unaware of any genuine entries concerning British servicemen in the police records, said a spokesman for the British High Commission in Nairobi yesterday."
"Some psychiatrists, Dr. Lieberman among them, noted that other studies of S.S.R.I.'s in children had also failed to find large differences in effectiveness between the drugs and placebos."
"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilisation, Powell said, according to the text of prepared remarks seen by Reuters."
SMILING bomber Amrozi was inspired to launch an attack on Bali after his former Australian boss revealed the tourist island was a haven for sinful behaviour by westerners.
The transaction will expand the revenue from Callebaut's consumer products business to 45 percent of total sales from 23 percent.
"North American futures pointed to a sub-par start to trading on Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings."
"Per-user pricing is $29 for Workplace Messaging, $89 for Team Collaboration and $35 for Collaborative Learning."
"Continuing the record-setting pace of recent years, personal bankruptcies rose 7.8 percent in the 12 months ending Sept. 30, the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts said Friday."
"The hot technologies -- networking, storage and wireless products -- will be front and center this week."
Three no votes would kill it for now.
"The latest attack came just two days after three suicide bombers drove a truck loaded with explosives into a government office complex in northern Chechnya, killing 59 people."
"By Wednesday, the Red Planet will come as near to Earth as it has been in 60,000 years."
"Last year Bloomberg boycotted the parade because he wanted to march with two actors from ""The Sopranos."""
"In Sweden, 99 percent of women are literate while at the other end of the scale, only eight percent of women in Niger are literate."
Several of the questions asked by the audience in the fast-paced forum were new to the candidates.
"But the Russell 2000 index, the barometer of smaller company stocks, had a weekly gain of 3.71, or 0.9 percent, closing at 418.40."
"The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, the federal agency that runs Medicare, last year began a similar effort for nursing homes."
But labor leaders said it was often difficult for these Americans to join a union because many employers fought organizing efforts.
"Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2."
"About 130,000 U.S. troops remain in Iraq, with others deployed in Afghanistan, South Korea and elsewhere."
"The high Saturday is expected to be about 92 degrees, and it will likely drop to 90 degrees Sunday and Monday."
"A conviction could bring a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine."
"Identical wording was introduced in the Senate last week by three Republicans, Wayne Allard (Colo.), Jeff Sessions (Ala.) and Sam Brownback (Kan.)."
"The company is working with the ObjectWeb consortium, Apache Software Foundation and the Eclipse IDE development community as part of the effort."
"It warned that London, along with several other foreign cities, was facing an increasing threat of a suicide bomb attack."
"This is a cloud hanging over their credibility, their word, said Hagel."
"Tuition at the six two-year community colleges will leap by $300, to $2,800."
"Smith, 59, is charged with fraud for allegedly filing false reports to FBI headquarters about Leung's reliability and with gross negligence for allegedly allowing her access to classified materials."
He also worked in the Virginia attorney general's office.
"In an E-mail statement to the Knoxville News Sentinel, Shumaker said, ''I am not giving any consideration to resignation."
"The captain, Michael J. Gansas, was notified yesterday by the city's Department of Transportation that an agency hearing officer recommended that he be fired."
"El Watan, an Algerian newspaper, reported that the kidnappers fiercely resisted the army assault this morning, firing Kalashnikov rifles."
"Holders of paper bonds will be able, though not required, to convert to electronic accounts."
"Colin Powell, the Secretary of State, said contacts with Iran would not stop."
"In addition, David Jones will pay him $10 million to take over the Foodchain leases."
"In the evening, he asked for six pizzas and soda, which police delivered."
Treasurys long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account.
"Tornadoes, up to a foot of rain and hail as big as cantaloupes pounded southern Nebraska and northern Kansas, killing one man and destroying at least four homes."
"Voters in Cleveland Heights, Ohio, were asked to decide whether to allow same-sex couples - and also unmarried heterosexual couples - to officially register as domestic partners."
"A passer-by found Ben hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m., with his hands still taped together but his feet free."
It features clasped hands and a peace pipe overlapping a hatchet.
But the plan was dropped because some of the terrorists were uncomfortable that schoolchildren would be their victims.
"Since then, Acacia had only had supervised visits with her grandmother, she said."
Johnsons site is www.katyjohnson .com. Maxs is www.tuckermax.com.
State government sources said Travis' move was a direct result of the controversy over the Boudin parole decision.
Whitney said officials evacuated a YMCA camp that had been scheduled to host 250 people beginning Sunday.
"An outspoken opponent of terrorism, Said's key political allies were Palestinian intellectuals and civic leaders outside the Arafat-dominated PLO and Palestinian Authority."
"Lee told the newspaper that the girl had dragged the food, toys and other things into her mother's bedroom, where he found her."
"Doctors say one or both boys may die, and that some brain damage is possible if they survive."
"Don Asper called the attack ""bothersome,"" before he and his wife contacted the firm's Web site provider to replace the vandalized page."
"The veteran rock group's four-disc DVD set, called Four Flicks and due Nov. 11 from TGA Entertainment, is expected to be one of the holiday season's top sellers."
The leading actress nod went to energetic newcomer Marissa Jaret Winokur as Edna's daughter Tracy.
Another recent study shows that about 12 million adults have been diagnosed with diabetes and an additional 5 million adults have it but do not know it.
"The rule bars groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time."
"The virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like ""Thank You!"" and ""Re: Details""."
Police said three of them had also been detained last week and held for two days as suspects over bomb attacks in Jakarta and the North Sumatran city of Medan.
"Intel Corp. unveiled Wednesday its next generation processor for cellular phones, personal digital assistants and other wireless devices."
"India blamed that and other attacks on Pakistan-based militants fighting Indian rule in Kashmir, its only Muslim-majority state."
"Mr. Weingarten said that he expected Mr. Ebbers, who turned 62 yesterday, to be fully exonerated at trial."
"At midday Saturday, automatic gunfire rattled windows in the Qadesiyah neighborhood, a largely Arab area that borders a Kurdish quarter."
"The deal will combine Adobe's Form Server, Form Designer and Reader products with IBM's DB2 Content Manager and DB2 CommonStore products."
"Terri Schiavo, 39, underwent the procedure at the Tampa Bay area hospice where she has been living for several years, said her father, Bob Schindler."
"The American decision provoked an angry reaction from the European Commission, which described the move as ""legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful""."
"Yesterday, shares closed up 29 cents, or 0.54 percent, at $54.32."
"About 700 MONUC troops are based in Bunia, but the force has neither the mandate nor the manpower to stop the fighting."
"In the latest top-level shuffle at CNN, Teya Ryan is leaving her post as general manager of U.S. programming, the network announced."
The Ottoman Dignity will carry the oil to a Turkish refinery on the Aegean coast.
"APEC leaders are painfully aware that security and prosperity are inseparable, Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra told business leaders."
Moore had no immediate comment Tuesday.
"Druce will face murder charges, Conte said."
But the new vaccine will not even begin to be tested in people until 2005 and will not be approved for use for several years after that.
"As part of his deal, Mr. Delainey has agreed to cooperate in the continuing investigation."
Kelly Boggs' column will appear daily during the June 17-18 Southern Baptist Convention annual meeting in Phoenix.
"His other films include ""Malcolm X,"" ""Summer of Sam"" and ""Jungle Fever."""
"An hour later, an Israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in Gaza City, killing two Hamas officials and at least five other people."
"Also Tuesday, the United States also released more Iraqi prisoners of war, and officials announced that all would soon be let go."
The hospital where she is staying is being guarded by about a dozen undercover police and military intelligence officers.
"Malvo, 18, goes on trial Nov. 10 in the death of Franklin."
"At a press conference Thursday, the group claimed it had obtained 1.1 million signatures on petitions opposing the recall, although the petitions have no legal effect."
"The court and the public need to know much more of the details of the defendant's seemingly massive fraud, the judge said."
"Smugglers in a van chased down a pickup and SUV carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool."
Beaumont said he doesn't expect a rapturous welcome for Jackson if he goes ahead with his visit to England.
"Next Monday at about 2 p.m. (CST), hospital officials in and near Chicago will notice a sudden increase in people complaining of flu-like symptoms."
"The announcement was made during the recording of a Christmas concert attended by top Vatican cardinals, bishops, and many elite from Italian society, witnesses said."
Random testing of security procedures should also take place.
"Beckham will receive a yearly salary of $10 million plus bonuses, earning him about $220,000 a game."
But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups tagged the state as deficient under the federal No Child Left Behind act.
Vaccine makers have been thrust in the limelight following government programmes to encourage wider vaccination and fears of biological attacks on civilian and military targets.
"Pope John Paul has health problems but is still at the helm of the Roman Catholic Church, the pope's top aide has told Reuters."
Mr Berlusconi is accused of bribing judges to influence the sale of the state-controlled SME food company in 1985.
"The worm attacks Windows computers via a hole in the operating system, an issue Microsoft on July 16 had warned about."
"The agreement resolves a lawsuit AOL filed against Microsoft in January 2002 on behalf of its subsidiary, Netscape Communications."
She asked to be excused from last week's Cabinet session to prepare for a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
Federal regulators have turned from sour to sweet on a proposed $2.8 billion merger of ice cream giants Nestle Holdings Inc. and Dreyer's Grand Ice Cream Inc.
Blagojevich reiterated his stance Wednesday to not prop up the budget with a gambling expansion.
Hannum was five and a half months pregnant when her mother died.
Bryant previously said that hike had a greater impact on demand than officials expected.
"Medical investigators matched the body's teeth to Aronov's dental records this morning, medical examiner's spokeswoman Ellen Borakove said."
Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa Inc. AA.N to report earnings after the close.
Platinum prices soared to 23-year highs earlier this year after President Bush (news - web sites) proposed investing $1.2 billion for research on fuel cell-powered vehicles.
The verbal flareup with Keating stemmed from Cardinal Mahony's initial refusal to participate in that survey unless procedures were changed.
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a US$70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.
"Cooper, the boy's mother, started coming to the church about three months ago after she met a parishioner at a doctor's office, Hemphill said."
"Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state has long had its eye on this piece of property and is eager to complete the deal to obtain it."
"Although Prempro pills were used in the study, the researchers said they had no evidence that other brands were safer."
Low-income earners would pay a 5 percent tax on both types of investment income.
"Printer maker Lexmark International Inc. spurted $3.95 to $63.35, recouping some of the $14.10 it lost Monday."
"NEC is pitching its wireless gear and management software to a variety of industries, including health care and hospitality."
NBC also announced it has struck a deal to keep ER on the air for three more seasons.
"A grief-stricken old woman, disconsolate with grief, smeared her face with dirt, uttering: ""My child, my child."""
Belcher said the airport's conference room became a shelter for several area families who had hiked up wooded hillsides in advance of rising water.
"Detectives told Deasean's father, Stelly Chisolm, a college student, and mother, Kimberly Hill, of the arrest shortly after Perry was apprehended."
"Sylvan Shalom, the Israeli Foreign Minister, said there was a possibility that Mr Bush “will come to this area”."
Advanced Micro Devices said Fujitsu Siemens Computers is offering a high-end workstation based on AMD's Opteron 200 Series.
"In 1999, NIST found, the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches."
"We have some small opportunities in November and maybe January, Mr. Parsons said optimistically."
"Only 1pc of those taking the drug worldwide have contracted ILD as a result, she said."
The Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade yesterday warned Australians to defer all nonessential travel to Indonesia because of reports of planned terrorist attacks.
"Then they moved inside the mosque and started firing on the people,'' he told the Associated Press."
The Communicator can also consolidate e-mail from multiple screen names and other POP and IMAP accounts into a single application.
"In addition, the Justice Department said that the FBI has conducted ''fewer than 10'' investigations involving visits to mosques."
"Despite such optimism, Taiwan's SARS crisis threatened to whirl out of control this month."
"This has been a persistent problem that has not been solved, investigation board member Steven Wallace said."
"This will put a severe crimp in our reserves, O'Keefe said Friday during a roundtable discussion with reporters at NASA headquarters."
"The Standard & Poor's 500 Index shed 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York."
The victims were last seen at church last Sunday; their bodies were discovered Tuesday.
"About 18 percent of men taking finasteride developed prostate cancer, compared with 24 percent on placebo."
"His daughter, Nina Axelrod, told The Associated Press that he died in his sleep, apparently of heart failure."
"Fires in Spain's Extremadura region, which borders Portugal, have forced hundreds of people to evacuate their homes."
"The number of hostnames using BSD is nearing four million, while the number of active sites is nearly two million, Netcraft said."
"Adolescent specialist Dr Michael Cohen, who worked on the study, said doctors had treated eight-year-old children with anorexia - and that he had once treated a four-year-old boy."
"The woman was taken to New Charing Cross Hospital by ambulance and her condition is critical.	She was taken to Charing Cross Hospital, where she remained critically ill last night.
1	3111452	3111428	In an unusual move, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office is reconsidering a patent affecting Internet pages that critics contend could disrupt millions of Web sites.	In an unusual move that critics contend could disrupt millions of Web sites, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office is reconsidering a patent affecting Internet pages.
1	2950523	2950560	If sufficient evidence exists at the end of what is expected to be a five-day hearing, Peterson will be held for trial on the charges.	If the judge decides that is so at the end of what is expected to be a five-day hearing, Peterson will be held for trial on the charges.
1	2555597	2555783	They returned in 1999 after rebel raids on a neighboring Russian region and a series of deadly apartment-building bombings that were blamed on the rebels.	In 1999, troops returned after rebel raids on a neighbouring Russian region and a series of deadly apartment-house bombings in Russian cities that were blamed on the rebels.
0	1167835	1167651	Kansas Department of Health and Environment records show there were 88 abortions performed on girls age 14 and younger last year.	Statistics from the Kansas Department of Health and Environment show that 11,844 abortions were performed in the state last year.
1	1637180	1637269	Tropical Storm Claudette continued its slow churn toward the Texas coast early Sunday, with forecasters expecting the plodding storm system to make landfall as a hurricane by early Tuesday.	Tropical Storm Claudette headed for the Texas coast Saturday, with forecasters saying the sluggish storm system could reach hurricane strength before landfall early Tuesday.
1	593262	593254	Everything is going to move everywhere,"" Doug Feith, undersecretary of defence for policy, said in an interview."
"More than half of the songs were purchased as albums, Apple said."
Former company chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.
"A gunman who had ``a beef with the Postal Service'' stormed into a suburban post office and took two employees hostage Wednesday, authorities said."
"The search was concentrated in northeast Pennsylvania, but State Police Trooper Tom Kelly acknowledged that Selenski could have traveled hundreds of miles by now."
"By 2007, antivirus solutions will carry a worldwide price tag of $4.4 billion--double that of five years earlier."
The agency said it would not release the name of the person involved because he is a minor.
He said Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling CDMA chips without much competition.
"Palm Wednesday announced plans to acquire Handspring, a company started by Jeff Hawkins, regarded by many as the father of the Palm handheld."
"State Rep. Ron Wilson, D-Houston, joined committee Republicans in voting for the map."
"The tendency to feel rejection as an acute pain may have developed in humans as a defensive mechanism for the species, said Eisenberger."
The number of injured dropped to 2.92 million in 2002 from 3.03 million a year earlier.
"Announcing the selection, Kmart CEO Julian Day said Grey will help the retailer ""find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the new America consumer."""
Telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
"Sen. Richard Shelby, R-Ala., chairman of the Senate Banking Committee, wasn't rushing to endorse the legislation."
"Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, many arriving passengers in Atlanta will be fingerprinted and photographed."
"Kerr, who won three championships with the Chicago Bulls in the 90's and one with the Spurs in 1999, finished with 12 points, 3 assists and 2 rebounds."
Microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message.
"They said they had concluded that the film failed ""to present a balanced portrayal"" of the Reagans."
Some of the computers also are used to send spam e-mail messages to drum up traffic to the sites.
Who will succeed Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai is not clear.
"The lawsuit names Shelley, a Democrat, and registrars in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties."
"There were, said board member and Nobel-prize winning Stanford physicist Douglas Osheroff, ""some extremely bad decisions."
We are piloting it there to see whether we roll it out to other products.
"Faced with these circumstances, Halliburton ""is left with no option for providing these services from Kuwait other than to continue obtaining them from Altanmia,"" Sumner wrote."
"The state, which previously conducted two triple executions and two double executions, says the policy is designed to reduce stress on its prison staff."
Carlson on Tuesday said he would not recuse himself from the case.
Clayton's shares were also suspended from trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
"Her father, Florin Cioaba, the king of Transylvania's Gypsies, had her brought back and she was married against her will."
In turn SuSE will license Java 2 Standard Edition while also formalising an existing agreement to distribute Sun's Java Virtual Machine for running Java applications.
But with the PM due to leave tomorrow afternoon for personal reasons there was a risk he might not be present when the final decision was made.
That would give smokers the right to take complaints to the Human Rights Commission or Human Rights Review Tribunal.
"Kyi, a U.N. envoy says, as Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid unless Suu Kyi is freed."
Guidant said it will continue to ship the product and provide support to doctors and patients through October 2003.
"The Republic of Korea was found to lead the way in broadband penetration, with approximately 21 broadband subscribers for every 100 inhabitants."
"Less than a month after departing her anchor's chair at ""Dateline NBC,"" Jane Pauley has signed a new deal with NBC to host a syndicated daytime talk show."
"The speaker issued a one-paragraph statement, saying, ""I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel, J. Michael Boxley."
Missouri Gov. Bob Holden asked the White House to declare a federal disaster in 39 counties.
"When the butterflies were exposed to constant light, they flew directly towards the sun, presumably because they no longer had any sense of time."
Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Sandra Day O'Connor agreed with Thomas.
"Sliding down the ice, Moriarty and Carella hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull."
"Handset market share for the second quarter, it said, is higher than the first quarter."
"Network security products maker Secure Computing Inc. said Tuesday it is acquiring content-filtering vendor N2H2 for $20 million, furthering consolidation in an already-competitive market."
"The organizers of the University Games, which began Thursday, were hoping North Korea's participation would help boost inter-Korean reconciliation in the leadup to this week's summit."
Vivendi argues the agreement had not been approved by the board and that the payoff was inappropriate given the state of Vivendi's finances when new CEO Jean-Rene Fourtou took over.
A suburban Chicago man was arrested Wednesday on charges of secretly gathering information on Iraqi opposition figures as an unregistered agent of Saddam Hussein's intelligence service.
The interview came a day after a report in the British press that he had been taken into custody.
"The European Commission, the EU's antitrust enforcer, is expected to issue its decision next spring — unless a settlement is reached."
The SEC said on Thursday its staff was preparing to draw up rules to combat trading abuses.
"On Monday, a suicide bomber blew himself up near the United Nations compound here, killing a security guard as well as himself."
White House officials say Iran has one last chance to comply with IAEA inspection demands.
"Matthew Lovett, 18, who just graduated from Collingswood High School, was among those arrested."
"The Interior Minister, Al Mustapha Sahel, said the investigation ""points to a group that has been arrested recently"", an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist."
"People who are high in positive emotions sleep better, they have better diets, they exercise more, they have lower levels of these stress hormones, Cohen said."
"At about 3 p.m. on Friday, a relative of Bondeson called police to report his apparent suicide."
"Some Wall Street experts believe stocks have rallied too far, too quickly, given the muddled economic reports of recent weeks."
"E Ink is one of several groups trying to develop electronic ""paper"" for e-newspapers and e-books, and other uses - even clothing with computer screens sewn into it."
"The final chapter in the trilogy, The Matrix Revolutions, is out in November."
"The board's final report, expected in late August, will stop short of assigning individual blame for the Columbia accident that killed seven astronauts, Gehman said."
"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats – international terrorism – this Bush administration chose to settle old scores, Mr. Graham said."
He also accused royal courtiers of poisoning the brothers’ “little minds”.
"About 22% of twentysomethings are obese, which is roughly 30 pounds over a healthy weight."
In my mind this is not an issue on the horizon right now.
"The victims were not identified, although authorities said at least one of the bodies had been there about a year."
"But the FBI never kept tabs on al-Bayoumi - even though it had received information that he was a Saudi agent, the document says."
They said they only wanted to entertain people and win the best float prize and were fired for exercising their free-speech rights.
State Republican Chairman Kris Warner said the GOP would not shy away from referring to Wise's problems in the 2004 gubernatorial campaign.
"United Airlines plans to become the first domestic airline to offer e-mail on all its domestic flights by the end of the year, the company announced yesterday."
"Although sex crimes Det.-Sgt. Dave Perry is in command of the case, homicide Det.-Sgt. Gerry Cashman appeared last evening at the home near Finch Ave. and Hwy. 404."
"The Leading Economic Index finally points to a recovery, almost a year and a half after the end of the recession, Conference Board economist Ken Goldstein said."
"Two Americans killed in a recent ambush in Afghanistan were contract employees of the CIA, the agency said Tuesday."
"Quattrone, 47, was highly influential at Credit Suisse First Boston during the tech bubble."
"The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 22.25 points, or 2.23 percent, to 1,018.22, based on the latest available figures."
An Associated Press report is included.
He urged member states that contribute police and soldiers to U.N. peacekeeping operations to provide more women.
Democrats now hope to increase the value of awards proposed by Hatch and to create a mechanism to ensure the fund remains solvent.
Gov. Linda Lingle and members of her staff were at the Navy base and watched the launch.
"Shirley Hazzard and Edward P. Jones, both of whom needed more than a decade to complete their current novels, are among this year's nominees."
"FCC Chairman Michael Powell said in a statement that the ruling would ""throw a monkey wrench into the FCC's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy."""
"Morgan Stanley raised its rating on the beverage maker to ""overweight"" from ""equal-weight"" saying in part that pricing power with its bottlers should improve in 2004."
"The stalemate, over less than 1 percent of the budget, is more about politics than policy."
"Today in the US, the book - kept under wraps by its publishers, G. P. Putnam's Sons, since its inception - will appear in bookstores."
Investigators conducted DNA tests on the stains and ran the results through a national DNA data base in August.
"It is symptomatic of the communication difficulties that often trouble the ECB, said Ken Wattret of BNP Paribas."
"The gunman, identified as Harold Kilpatrick Jr., 26, had left a note saying he ""wanted to kill some people and die today."""
"Microsoft said Friday that it is halting development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer browser, citing competition from Apple Computer's Safari browser."
The lies and deceptions from Saddam have been well documented over 12 years.
"This deal makes sense for both companies, Brian Halla, National's chief executive, said in a statement."
"In that position, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, president and CEO of EMC."
"I don't even worry about it anymore, he said."
Former chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.
"We're electing a president of the United States, not a staff."""
"London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters: ""We condemn this raid, which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable."""
Cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales.
"Among the Group of Seven nations, the leading indicator rose to 119.1 from 118.2 in April."
"Frank Partnoy, a securities law professor at the University of San Diego, said the case suggested that Merrill's oversight and control of its executives were inadequate."
"The answer, the group said, would be to ""create a format that can be used by all devices but can accommodate other formats."""
"From California, Bush flies to Japan on Thursday, followed by visits to the Philippines, Thailand, Singapore, Indonesia and Australia before returning home on Oct. 24."
The truck was later found parked near the Tacoma Mall about three miles away.
"With Internet usage and broadband adoption continuing to escalate, marketers are throwing their weight and dollars behind interactive advertising, said IAB President and CEO Greg Stuart."
"The FCC said existing televisions, VCRs, DVD players and related equipment would remain fully functional under the new broadcast flag system."
"By skirting the FDA's oversight, Eagan said, the quality of the imported drugs is ""less predictable"" than for those obtained in the United States."
We'll be listening carefully to the [IAEA] director general's report at the next board meeting.
"New York City will get an estimated $182.5 million in tax revenue from the bonuses this year, compared with last year's $125.4 million."
The U.S. Conference Board said its latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey.
He added: ``I've never heard of more reprehensiblebehaviour by a doctor.
"In an appearance before a parliamentary committee on Tuesday, Mr. Blair suggested that only ""evidence of weapons programs"" rather than the weapons themselves would be uncovered."
But Abraham said changes in air-pollution rules would be up to the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).
"Since March 11, when the market's major indexes were at their lowest levels since hitting multi-year lows in October, the Nasdaq has barreled back 21.2 percent."
Its second-quarter earnings per share of 22 cents was slightly better than analysts' estimates of 19 cents a share and more than double its prediction in April.
"He is one of two Democrats on the five-member FCC, and he is a strong advocate of harsher penalties against radio and television stations that violate indecency laws."
The euro has slipped nearly four percent since matching a record peak of around $1.1935 only last week and hitting an all-time high of 140.90 yen in late May.
"Under state law, DeVries must be released to the jurisdiction in which he was convicted."
"Muslim immigrants have used the networks - which rely on wire transfers, couriers and overnight mail - to send cash to their families overseas."
"Peck died peacefully at his Los Angeles home early Thursday with his wife of 48 years, Veronique, by his side."
Her putt for birdie was three feet short but she saved par without difficulty.
Xerox itself paid a $10 million fine last year to settle similar SEC charges.
"Treasury prices rose slightly, sending the 10-year note yield down to 4.38 percent from 4.39 percent late Friday."
Kerry Kennedy Cuomo and Andrew Cuomo have been married 13 years.
"The test was conducted by the University of California at Los Angeles and Riverside and was paid $450,000 from the ARB."
"After 9/11, Connolly said, agents spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi."
"It added that unless the problems are fixed, ""the scene is set for another accident."""
British police claim they have been taking statements from more than 30 of the women.
Happy Family has ex-Night Court star Larroquette and Christine Baranski as a couple whose children move back home after college.
"But Virgin wants to operate Concorde on routes to New York, Barbados and Dubai."
INTEL TODAY disclosed details of its next-generation XScale processor for mobile phones and handheld devices here in San Jose.
"Special police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk, where his plane had made a refuelling stop."
That information was first reported in today's editions of the New York Times.
"Before addressing the economy, Bush discussed the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia, which killed as many as 29 people, including seven Americans."
"Right now, only six states do: Arkansas, Michigan, Minnesota, New Jersey, Virginia, and Wisconsin."
"Wyeth estimates that 1.2 million women continue to take Prempro pills, down from about 3.4 million before the study was halted last summer."
The United States and Britain are seeking backing at the United Nations for their agenda to hand over power to Iraqis.
"Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said yesterday that the men's behavior ""was a disgrace, and totally inappropriate for city employees."""
"Only one of the five buildings in the Baghdad compound of the United Nations Development Program escaped being burned, the UN said on its Web site."
"Wal-Mart, the nation's largest private employer, has expanded its anti-discrimination policy to protect gay and lesbian employees, company officials said Tuesday."
Prisoners were tortured and executed -- their ears and scalps severed for souvenirs.
"And when asked if he felt regret or guilt about the attack his answer was an adamant ""no""."
One had also pointed to the word refugee in an English/Turkish dictionary.
"Shares of the company, the second-largest U.S. coal producer behind Peabody Energy Corp. BTU.N , were up more than 3 percent in afternoon trade."
"Before Thursday's matinee, Baker called a clubhouse meeting, concerned that the controversy had distracted the Cubs."
"Mr Charlton was in the third aisle when a man in a brown suit raced past him with his hands in the air, armed with the stakes."
"He was voluntarily castrated in 2001, an operation he contends removed his ability to become sexually aroused."
Microsoft Corp. this week is releasing the second in a line of seven Microsoft Office Solution Accelerators for its suite.
Mr. Sweeney outlined plans for the campaign in a speech last night in Philadelphia at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.
"Between 1993 and 2002, 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported."
"He characterized the hostile bid as ""atrociously bad behavior from a company with a history of atrociously bad behavior."""
"The nation's largest retailer has told its 100 top suppliers they have to start using electronic tags on all pallets of goods by Jan. 25, 2005."
The United States only agreed to let the agency back into Iraq after repeated warnings by IAEA chief Mohamed ElBaradei.
Secretary of State Colin Powell designated the Chechen leader believed responsible for last year's hostage standoff in a Moscow theater as a threat to U.S. security Friday.
"IAC's stock closed yesterday down $2.81, or 7.6 percent, at $34.19."
"Rendezvous has been a TIBCO mark for many years and is one of our flagship products, said George Ahn, chief marketing officer, Tibco."
"The vulnerability affects an interface with RPC that deals with message exchange over TCP/IP port 135, according to Microsoft."
"Toll, Australia's second-largest transport company, last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail."
"We think this planet formed with its star, 12.713 billion years ago when the (Milky Way) galaxy was very young, just in the process of forming."
"The company will be able to start recording profits from HPS immediately, Perot Systems spokeswoman Mindy Brown said."
Wittig resigned last year after being indicted on federal bank fraud charges involving a real estate loan unrelated to Westar business.
"According to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (news - web sites), there were 19 reported cases of measles in the United States in 2002."
"Mohcine Douali, who lives in the centre of Algiers, said: ""It was a great shock."
"The number of public WiFi hot spots will grow from the current 50,000 to 85,000 by the end of 2004, IDC said."
"The specific product that is the subject of the petition, 6000 series aluminium alloy rolled plate, is used for general-purpose engineering, tooling and die applications."
"Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter."
"At least 150 people are scheduled to testify at the hearings in Gaithersburg, Md., on Tuesday and Wednesday, with experts and activists lining up on each side."
"Buyers can purchase a Windows- and Office-loaded desktop for $298, excluding taxes, the report said."
"The cuts are expected to save Texas consumers more than $510 million, and most policyholders will see reductions, Black said."
"We have found the smoking gun, board member Scott Hubbard said."
"The committee will define the role of the interim chairman and recommend an individual to fill that role, said lead director H. Carl McCall in a statement."
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. PEP.N were likely to be in the spotlight.
"Several witnesses have told the court Bashir heads JI, accused of seeking to create an Islamic state in the region."
The acquisition is expected to close by the end of the month.
What this allows us to do is have a crossover that is much more fuel efficient and aimed at young families.
"The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 18.06, or 0.2 per cent, at 9266.51."
"Anhalt said children typically treat a 20-ounce soda bottle as one serving, while it actually contains 2 1/2 servings."
"U.S. corporate bond yield spreads opened tighter overall on Tuesday, but tobacco company bonds widened significantly after an adverse legal ruling on Philip Morris USA."
One of the most well studied facets of temperament is how people respond to novelty.
"Even her request, decades later, to attend her father's funeral on the island was denied."
Team President Ken Sawyer told the Pittsburgh Post Gazette Sunday that Lemieux has not spoken to him about selling his interest in the Penguins or about playing for another team.
The U.S. Supreme Court will hear arguments on Wednesday on whether companies can be sued under the Americans with Disabilities Act for refusing to rehire rehabilitated drug users.
"The Standard & Poor's 500 Index lost 6.77, or 0.7 percent, to 927.62 as of 10:33 a.m. in New York."
A big surge in consumer confidence has provided the only positive economic news in recent weeks.
"Fourteen of those infected passengers sat within four seats of the SARS patient and two were flight attendants, said Mike Ryan, WHO's global coordinator for anti-SARS efforts."
"A summary of his remarks says: all the group's savings have been lost to raids and arrests, and JI is totally dependent on al-Qaeda for money."
"It is so far out in international water that the finder Odyssey Marine Exploration, of Tampa, Fla., does not have to share the wealth with any governments."
"Cruz came to the United States in 1960, a year after the Cuban revolution."
"The United Nations' International Atomic Energy Agency asked for information on the allegation after the dossier was published, but Britain did not provide any, U.N. officials said."
Initial reports indicated the shots had been fired from inside a mosque.
"And Forrester forecasts that on-demand movie distribution will generate $1.4bn by 2005, while revenue from DVDs and tapes will decline by eight per cent."
"Elsewhere, European stocks were barely changed but within a few points of year highs."
"The single currency rose as far as 135.13 yen , matching a record high hit shortly after the euro's launch in January 1999."
"Laotian officials yesterday called on France, the former colonial power, to help the country find an alternative investor to EdF."
"Earlier on Monday, Grant Thornton SpA repeated previous statements that it was ""a victim of fraudulent action""."
"Senator Clinton should be ashamed of herself for playing politics with the important issue of homeland security funding, he said."
"He said the local organized crime police were investigating a suspect, but he would not confirm if it was the 24-year-old cited by Bitdefender."
"They also are reshaping the retail business relationship elsewhere, as companies take away ideas and practices that change how they do business in their own firms and with others."
He served as a marine in the Second World War and afterward began submitting articles to magazines.
He was arrested less than two kilometres from where he allegedly kidnapped her after brutally beating her mother and brother.
"Xerox shares closed at $11.45, up 2 cents on the New York Stock Exchange."
"The camp hosts summer religious retreats for children and other events year-round, according to its Web site."
"At least 2 female patients sharing a room and 10 nurses have fevers or other symptoms, and about 100 people who have had contact with them have been quarantined."
"The 2001 recession is considered short and shallow relative to the nine others since World War II, which averaged 11 months."
"The news will be announced Monday morning in Dallas at Tech Ed 2003 during a keynote by Paul Flessner, senior vice president of Microsoft's Server Platform Division."
"At 12 months there was still a difference in function, although it was not a significant one."
"The huge bottom-line loss stemmed from a 1.5 billion pound assets writedown, on top of a 3.5 billion first-half charge."
President Bush signed a waiver exempting 22 nations from these sanctions because they had signed but not yet ratified the immunity agreement.
He is charged in three bombings in Atlanta including a blast at the 1996 Olympics and one in Alabama.
"If Senator Clinton does decide to run in 2008, she cannot announce her candidacy before 2006, which is when she faces re-election for the Senate."
Recall advocates say they have turned in 1.6 million signatures to counties.
"With the exception of dancing, physical activity did not decrease the risk."
"In March 2002, 63 percent of home broadband users connected via cable modem; 34 percent used a DSL service."
"At midnight, Erika was about 90 miles east of Brownsville and moving toward the west at about 20 mph, with sustained winds near 70 mph."
"Instead of remains, the Ragusas will bury a vial of Michael's blood, which he had donated to a bone marrow center."
Peterson is charged with two counts of murder in the deaths of his wife and unborn son.
"Second quarter sales came in at $645 million, up from $600 million the year before, AMD said."
The spacecraft is scheduled to blast off as early as tomorrow or as late as Friday from the Jiuquan launching site in the Gobi Desert.
"Because of the holiday period, the agency will not release data from the period since Dec. 27 until today."
An arrest warrant claimed Bryant assaulted the woman June 30 at a hotel.
"But the yen's gains were capped by wariness about Japanese intervention, with some traders reporting irregular bids that smack of intervention around 118 yen."
"In fact, 10 million shares of the sale went to an unidentified charitable trust - which promptly sold them."
"The suit is to be filed against Secretary of State Kevin Shelley and election officials in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties."
"The men were immediately flown to nearby Botswana on a chartered Air Malawi flight, Malawi intelligence officials said on condition of anonymity."
"On July 3, Troy is expected to be sentenced to life in prison without parole."
"At last week's meeting with U.S. President George W. Bush, Roh said inter-Korean exchanges would be ""conducted in light of developments on the North Korean nuclear issue."""
"Berry also married and divorced his second wife twice, most recently in 1991."
"But an agency employee lent the tape to a friend, who lent it to Mr. Gonzalez."
Activists say they fear the gathering is an attempt by corporate farming to push bio-engineered crops on starving countries.
"Hackett and Rossignol did not know each other and Hackett had no connection to Colby, Doyle said."
One of the features is the ability to delete data on a handheld device or lock down the device should a user lose it.
Goss said CIA Director George Tenet has provided the committee with 19 volumes of documents on prewar intelligence which has been made available to House members.
"Her lawyers filed a lawsuit against the Dallas County district attorney, Henry Wade, challenging Texas's abortion laws."
"State media said there were at least 770 dead and over 5,600 injured."
"If he is successful in reaching a cease-fire, known as a ""hudna,"" Abbas will hold more talks with Sharon, their third one-on-one meeting in a month."
Bolland told the News of the World: “I was astonished at Sir Michael’s question.
"On July 22, Moore announced he would appeal the case directly to the U.S. Supreme Court."
"It indicates, Robert said, “that terrorists really don’t care who they attack."
Mr. Rush is the only witness to the events in the pilothouse who has spoken to investigators.
"We're pleased with the judge's decision, said Mark Herr, spokesman for Merrill Lynch."
"Another is investor disenchantment with US investments, leading them to pull out of US assets - selling dollars as they do so and driving the dollar exchange rate down."
Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo.
The officials did not say whether U.S. forces crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian border guards became involved.
Justice Anthony M. Kennedy dissented in an opinion joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas.
"And if estimates hold, it will mark the first time in history that five films grossed more than $20 million each in one weekend."
"The S&P 500 finished 13.78 points higher at 930.08, or 1.5 per cent, the highest level since January 14."
"Canada won't commit more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday."
"PeopleSoft, of Pleasanton, California, said the deal would increase its 2004 earnings, excluding amortization and other items."
Defense attorneys said Durst accidentally shot Black in the face as they struggled for a gun after the elderly man illegally entered his apartment.
The defeat of the ninth seed Daniela Hantuchova on Wednesday was the only thing to disrupt an otherwise orderly second round in Serena Williams's half of the women's draw.
Prosecutors allege that Nichols and co-conspirator Timothy McVeigh worked together to prepare a bomb that destroyed the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building.
Florida's primary isn't until March 9 - following 28 other states.
"Instead, the high court said that drug makers did not adequately show why the plan should be prevented from taking effect."
The company has said it plans to restate its earnings for 2000 through 2002.
The United States and Russia have spent billions since the 1960s on a handful of space craft designed to land on Mars.
"Five foreign embassies, including the Singapore embassy, in Bangkok were among the targets, it said."
"The teenager was in surgery at a hospital and the extent of his injuries was not available, police said."
"Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset, the company said in a statement."
"In case the company does not turn in the reports before the end of May, it is likely to be delisted, an SFC official said."
"The vast majority of trades will be priced at 20 cents per contract or less depending on participation in incentive schemes."""
The attacks came as Mr Sharon faced down the hardline central committee of his Likud party in Jerusalem.
"After a seven-day trial last year, Thompson found the monument to be an unconstitutional endorsement of religion by the state."
The findings were published in the July 1 issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine.
"We started our investigation of the child porn ring last year in August and soon realized that it was a big thing, Mr. Beer said."
"Braker said Wednesday that police, as part of protocol, were talking with other children Cruz had access to."
"Yesterday, Taiwan reported 35 new infections, bringing the total number of cases to 418."
Squyres is principal investigator for the Athena payload - a collection of science instruments carted by each rover.
Quattrone is accused of obstructing justice by helping to encourage co-workers in an e-mail to destroy files on lucrative investment banking deals.
JetBlue shares slipped nearly 5 percent Tuesday morning on the Nasdaq Stock Market in New York after the deal was announced.
"In Nigeria alone, the report said, as many as 1 million women may be living with the condition."
"It would be cumbersome for restaurants that serve different meals each day, she said."
World economic leaders hailed signs of a global revival on Tuesday but agreed it had to be handled with care to prevent any setback.
"They were identified as Abdul Azi Haji Thiming and Muhammad Jalaludin Mading of Thailand, and Esam Mohammed Khidr Ali of Egypt."
"Gordon stressed that his bill ""is a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation."""
"In 2002, spending on inpatient hospital care grew by 6.8 percent and the costs of outpatient hospital care rose by 14.6 percent, the study."
The autopsy was ordered sealed at the request of both the prosecution and defense.
"An airplane carrying Spanish peacekeepers back from Afghanistan crashed into a fog-shrouded mountain in Turkey and exploded Monday, killing all 75 people aboard."
He said there were complex reasons for the increased numbers of cases and scientists were only just beginning to understand the risk factors.
Ten police officers were facing disciplinary action yesterday after they abandoned their night patrol to watch David Blaine.
"They said no decisions had been made about how many troops would be moved, where they would come from, or where they would end up."
"Westfield, which owns Galleria in Morley, also will continue discussions about the other co-owned centres such as Knox City in Melbourne, half-owned by Deutsche Bank."
"Lee said Brianna had dragged food, toys and other things into the bedroom."
"American has laid off 6,500 of its Missouri employees since Dec. 31, according to Driskill."
"Muslim guerrillas attacked a town and took hostages yesterday as they withdrew from fighting that killed at least 22 people, military officials said."
LLEYTON Hewitt yesterday traded his tennis racquet for his first sporting passion - Australian football - as the world champion relaxed before his Wimbledon title defence.
"Bashir felt he was being tried by opinion not on the facts, Mahendradatta told Reuters."
"Only two other countries, Germany and the Dominican Republic, have publicly expressed reservations, and Germany has since said it will sign it."
"Thus far, Stewart's company appears ready to stand behind her."
"It''s absurd, Funny Cide's trainer Barclay Tagg said."
"Still, analysts said they were disappointed by the company's 68 million pretax charge for weather-related and test failure costs on its Polar Tanker crude oil tanker program."
Lee Peterson testified that he reached his son on his cell phone and talked to him for a couple of minutes.
"Samudra, 33, a textile salesman, is also charged with the church bombings across Indonesia on Christmas Eve, 2000, in which 19 people died."
A cul de sac with homes burned to the foundation was visible from above.
"He was in Cincinnati helping another daughter move when the tragedy occurred, friends said."
"Ryan Harvey, an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida, was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs."
"After the Houston event, Bush returned to his Crawford, Texas, ranch, where he will host Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi on Sunday and Monday."
"Others with such a status are Egypt, Israel, and Australia."
"Global Crossing wants documents related to the regulatory-approval process and information on XO employee Carl Griver, who used to work for Global Crossing."
Mr. Bush said he was taking the action in response to Hamas's claim of responsibility for the bus bombing in Israel on Tuesday that killed 20 people.
The weakness exists in the way that VBA looks at the properties of documents passed to it when the document is opened by a host application.
This is the first time in the United States that five whales have been released simultaneously from a single stranding incident.
"Marisa Baldeo stated, however, the authority's official uniform policy says ""they are not supposed to wear anything on their heads but a NYC transit depot logo cap."
"It's almost as if they (Russians) hit an x-mark on the ground,"" NASA spokesman Robert Navias said."
"His wife, who he married in a first ever space wedding by a space phone during his lengthy mission, waited in Moscow."
"Sen. Patrick Leahy of Vermont, the committee's senior Democrat, later said the problem is serious but called Hatch's suggestion too drastic."
The leased applications are designed to help sales people track customer accounts and sales leads.
"Inhibited children tend to be timid with new people, objects, and situations, while uninhibited children spontaneously approach them."
She was the only woman in her unit and a member of Teamsters Local 995.
"This is a good day for Americas farmers, said Sen. Charles Grassley, an Iowa Republican, in reaction to the administration announcement."
"The league said it is not taking a position on whether Governor Gray Davis should be recalled in the Oct. 7 voting, and will not endorse a replacement candidate."
"US District Judge William M. Hoeveler's removal by his superior was a victory for US Sugar Corp., which led the fight for his ouster."
Several current and former ferry officers have said the rules were routinely ignored and seldom enforced.
"U.N. inspectors later said the documents were old and irrelevant -- some administrative material, some from a failed and well-known uranium-enrichment program of the 1980s."
Perry has called lawmakers into two special sessions to address congressional redistricting.
The IRS said taxpayers can avoid undelivered checks by having refunds deposited directly into their checking or savings accounts.
Federal Agriculture Minister Warren Truss said the Government still did not know the real reason the sheep were rejected at the Saudi port of Jeddah on August 21.
"About 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional."
"Neither military action nor large-scale bribery can solve the North Korean problem, Wolfowitz said."
"We feel so strongly about this issue that we are suspending sales and distribution of SCOLinux until these issues are resolved,"" Sontag said."
"Instead of being reprimanded by court security officers, a smiling senior policeman shook hands with Mr Laczynski and patted him on the shoulder."
"The Rev. Christopher J. Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, wouldn't comment Friday."
"This comes at a time when Alba is expanding its aluminium output by 307,000 tonnes a year and is accelerating plans for another 307,000 tonnes-a-year increase."
Those who only had surgery lived an average of 46 months.
"Powell fired back: ""He's accusing the president of a ludicrous act,"" he said."
"But the subject of oil market debate, Iraq, will not be present, an issue which has rankled Iraqi officials."
"He has been at UCSD since 1991 and was appointed chancellor in 1996, after spending 22 years with AT&T Bell Labs, where he worked on superconductors and other materials."
The notification was first reported Friday by MSNBC.
"Sharon says he is willing to free the two as holding them will not bring back Arad, who Israel believes is held by Iran."
A Trillian representative did not return an e-mail requesting comment.
"No charges have been filed in those deaths, but prosecutor David Lupas said authorities were making progress in the case."
"Peterson, 31, is now charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and their unborn son."
"Gary Nicklaus, the 34-year-old son of Jack Nicklaus who is playing on a sponsor's exemption, birdied five of his first nine holes before faltering to a 69."
We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled ... that the department's actions are fully within the law.
"The name for the robot, due to be launched at 2:05 p.m., was selected from among 10,000 names submitted by U.S. school children."
"A former candidate for governor of New York, he styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance."
"As part of the agreement to extradite the two best friends from Canada, prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty."
"Lloyds TSB confirmed on Tuesday it was ""considering its options"" over the sale of its National Bank of New Zealand subsidiary."
I'm never going to forget this day.
"The King of Prussia-based company could liquidate the other two chains if it cannot find a buyer by then, the company said."
"It's a recognition that we were provided faulty information, Tom Daschle, the senate Democratic leader, told reporters."
"My view is these al-Qaeda terrorists - and I believe it was al-Qaeda - would prefer to have many such events."""
"For the weekend, the top 12 movies grossed $157.1 million, up 52 percent from the same weekend a year earlier."
The company also became synonymous with ethical business practices.
"The council includes 13 Shiites, five Kurds, five Sunnis, one Christian and one Turkoman."
"Apple has also built a new VPN (define) server into Panther Server that supports Mac OS X, Windows or UNIX clients using PPTP and L2TP tunneling protocols."
Governor Gray Davis estimated yesterday that the fires could cost nearly $2 billion.
"However, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers."
That state will not emerge until the interim government decides on a process for writing a new constitution and for holding the first democratic elections.
"These men ""are entitled to respect for their private lives,"" Kennedy said."
"Just sitting around in a big base camp, knocking back cans of beer, I don't particularly regard as mountaineering, he added."
"Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset,"" the company statement said."
He also said he advised his grown-up children not to run up credit card debts.
But plaque volume increased by 2.7 percent in pravastatin patients.
"They've been in the stores for over six weeks, says Carney."
Advertising and circulation revenues from the flagship Martha Stewart Living magazine have declined.
"Mr. Carter, who won the Nobel Peace Prize last year, met here today with Japan's prime minister, Junichiro Koizumi."
"They did not read footnotes in a 90-page document, said the official, referring to the section that contained the State Department's dissent."
"Handspring shareholders will get 0.09 shares of the parent company, Palm, Inc., for each share of Handspring common stock they currently own."
"Former South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu said Sunday he did not see what ""all the fuss"" was over appointing a gay bishop, but urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate."
"After 10 years of debate, the government is requiring food labels to reveal exact levels of the artery clogger."
"Bombardier and Embraer will each deliver 85 jets by September 2006, U.S. Airways said in a release."
Finance Minister Masajuro Shiokawa said the yen has strengthened too much but declined to comment on whether Japan had intervened.
"Gainer said the two staff aides are ""very sorry this all happened,"" and the security personnel had performed ""well within standards."""
"Militias also attacked local United Nations offices and, according to a United Nations spokesman, have fired into crowds seeking shelter near the airport in Bunia."
"The Portuguese weather service said Europe's heatwave was caused by a mass of hot, dry air moving from the southeast."
"No country seems likely to oppose proposals for a long-term European Council president, replacing the current rotating presidency, as well as an EU foreign minister."
"A few thousand troops, most from the division's 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week, with flights continuing through Friday."
"By comparison, the proportion of people with a BMI of 50 or above increased by a factor of five — from about 1 in 2,000 to one in 400."
The seizure of the money was confirmed by a US Treasury official assigned to work with Iraqi financial officers in Baghdad in rebuilding the country's banking and financial system.
Captain Robert Ramsey of US 1St Armored Division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 am.
"Drug developer Inspire Pharmaceuticals Inc. ISPH.O tumbled $2.17, or 13.4 percent, to $13.98."
"The main psychologist, Dwight Close, referred questions to an agency spokeswoman, who said she wouldn't comment on personnel issues."
"The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI edged down 28.08 points, or 0.3 percent, at 9,256.49."
"While Mr. Qurei is widely respected and has a long history of negotiating with the Israelis, he cannot expect such a warm welcome."
"EDS said that it was ""responding to a subpoena and providing documents and information to the SEC""."
"In the second quarter last year, the company experienced a net loss of $185 million, or 54 cents a share, on sales of $600 million."
"He added, ""I am not giving any consideration to resignation."""
"In addition, juries in both state and federal cases have become increasingly reluctant to impose the death penalty."
The new rules will allow a single company to own TV stations that reach 45 percent of U.S. households instead of the old 35 percent.
"There is no conscious policy on the part of the United States to move the dollar at all, Snow said."
"EU ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform, said Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington."
Retailers J.C. Penney Co. Inc. (JCP) and Walgreen Co. (WAG) kick things off on Monday.
"Dennehy's family reported him missing June 19, seven days after he was last seen on campus."
"Dan Powers, vice president of grid computing strategy at IBM Corp., says he's not worried about such off-the-shelf PC clusters threatening sales of traditional supercomputers."
"Mr Annan said terrorism ""will only be defeated if we act to solve the political disputes and long-standing conflicts which generate support for it""."
"During the fiscal second quarter, Cisco earned $991 million, or 14 cents a share, on sales of $4.7 billion."
"The vote came just two days after Kurds swept City Council elections, taking the largest single block of votes on the 30-seat council."
"The risk of inflation becoming undesirably low remains the predominant concern for the foreseeable future, the Fed said in a statement accompanying the unanimous decision."
Shares of Mattel were down 13 cents to $19.72 on the New York Stock Exchange.
"This is a wide-ranging and continuing investigation which is likely to result in numerous other charges, Mr Spitzer said."
"BofA said yesterday it had ""policies in place that prohibit late-day trading""."
"Tail wagging, Abbey trotted on stage with Conway before a crowd of more than 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference at the Anaheim Convention Center."
IAAF council member Jose Maria Odriozola said Drummond should be excluded from the championships.
Federal Emergency Management Administration designated $20 million to establish the registry.
"Waiting crowds filling the streets on both sides overwhelmed the peacekeepers soon after daylight, sweeping past the barbed wire barricades."
"There is no need for one deadline for all to create the ASEAN Economic Community, Thaksin said."
But Gelinas says only six have been fully re-evaluated.
July Brent rose 31 cents to $28.39 per barrel on London's International Petroleum Exchange.
"Writing in the journal Geophysical Research Letters, Vincent’s team said all of the fresh water poured out of the 20 mile (30 km) long Disraeli Fjord."
"A nationally known computer hacker is being sought on a federal arrest warrant stemming from a sealed complaint in New York, a federal defender in California said Friday."
"After hours of negotiations, a SWAT team burst in early yesterday and found Hoffine dead."
The jury asked for transcripts of Quattrone's testimony about his role in the IPO allocation process.
"Stewart said the ring was most likely a work in progress, and that weak links such as being tied to a single server will be eliminated over time."
"His 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned June 25 in a Virginia Beach, Va., parking lot."
Huge fires in Arizona and Colorado scorched forests where portions of projects meant to reduce the fire threat were tied up in appeals.
"Claudia Gonzles Herrera, an assistant attorney general in charge of the case, said the arrests show that Guatemala ""takes the defense of its ancient Maya heritage seriously."""
The Qantas colleagues were last night in a serious but stable condition after being rushed to Royal Melbourne Hospital.
Mr. Kozlowski contends that the event included business and that some of those attending were Tyco employees.
"We don't have new places to check, said Steve Anderson, a Waco public-information officer."
"But while Microsoft's share of the low-end server software market has increased since the EU's investigation started five years ago, the firm has denied anti-competitive practices are to blame."
Sources within the racing industry have told the Daily Bulletin that Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.
"Lucent's stock was off 7 cents, or 3.7 percent, at $1.84 in morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange."
"Already, the impact of Chinas moves is sending ripples through the region."
General Motors Corp. posted a record 8.4 percent improvement in 2000.
"He has also directed ""The Flintstones,"" ""Beethoven,"" and ""Jingle All The Way."""
The two powerful men also disagree about ethanol (sacred in Iowa) and authorizing oil and gas drilling in Alaska's wildlife refuge.
"Radio reports said hundreds of settlers converged on the four outposts overnight, hoping to disrupt their evacuation."
There had been fears that the 35 year-old wouldn't be able to conceive after suffering two ectopic pregnancies and cancer of the uterus.
"Everyone who has a cell phone wishes they had a better one, Huang said."
"In its statement, the bank said it believed ""the long-term prospects for the energy sector in the United Kingdom remain attractive."""
"The hearing, expected to last a week, will determine whether Akbar faces a court-martial."
Remaining shares will be held by QVC's management.
The results were released at Tuesday's meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and will be published in Thursday's New England Journal of Medicine.
This is the only planet that has been found in orbit around a binary star system.
This is just the latest movement in a continuing trend towards open source support of business applications.
The MTA had argued it needed to raise fares to close a two-year deficit it estimated at different times ranged from less than $1 billion to $2.8 billion.
"The main change, said Jim Walton, CNN's president, is a fundamental shift in the way CNN collects its news."
Mehr said police had no way of knowing what Kilpatrick was shooting at when he fired his gun.
"If the voluntary reliability standards were complied with, we wouldn't have had a problem."
Lay had contended that turning over the documents would violate his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
"Wal-Mart Stores Inc., Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc. and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations."
"The report said the Corpus Christi-based agent twice called Escobar while the legislator was with the other protesting Democrats in Ardmore, Okla."
"The updated 64-bit operating system, Windows XP 64-Bit Edition for 64-Bit Extended Systems, will run natively on AMD Athlon 64 processor-powered desktops and AMD Opteron processor-powered workstations."
The FTC also asked the judge to suspend his ruling pending its appeal.
"Two years later, the insurance coverage would begin."
The decision was among the most significant steps toward deregulation undertaken during the Bush administration.
Sales of downloaded singles and albums will be included in Billboard's charts for those configurations.
The new orders index rose to 52.2 percent from 51.9 percent in May.
"Aspen Technology's shares dropped 74 cents, or 23 percent, to close at $2.48 on the Nasdaq."
The yield on the benchmark 10-year Treasury note rose as high as 4.66 percent Aug. 14 from 3.07 percent in June.
"It would remove $55 billion in tax subsidies for exporters, which are illegal under international trade law, in exchange for new tax breaks."
"Shares of McDonald's rose $1.83, or 8.3 percent, to close at the day's high of $23.89."
"Douglas Robinson, a senior vice president of finance, will take over as chief financial officer on an interim basis."
"Jewish and Muslim leaders expressed horror at the proposals, which have not been approved."
"They boy's father, Terrance Cottrell Sr., 33, said yesterday he wants everyone involved in his son's death to be held responsible."
It also said it expects a civil complaint by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
"From Justin to Kelly, a romance starring American Idol winner Kelly Clarkson and runnerup Justin Guarini, opened at No. 11 with $2.9-million."
Cordiant has been on the block since it lost the key Allied Domecq account in April.
"But in the first 30 seconds after Young entered the ring, the family knew it was an uneven match, Meyers said."
"Ruffner, 45, doesn't yet have an attorney in the murder charge, authorities said."
Operating revenue fell 4.5 percent to $2.3 billion from a year earlier.
"This deal makes sense for both companies, Halla said in a prepared statement."
"During the investigation, Bryant was cooperative with investigators and remains cooperative with authorities, the sheriff's office said."
The move to rein in losses at its four boutique outlets comes as the retailer seeks to cap the cost of doing business.
"One of the FBI’s key operatives, who had a falling out with the bureau, provided an account of the operation at a friend’s closed immigration court proceeding."
"Amrozi accused his brother, whom he called ""the witness"", of deliberately distorting his evidence."
"Our prognosis for a continued and steady recovery is being realized, and the outlook remains bright, bureau CEO Greg Stuart says."
"Landing on an aircraft carrier doesn't make up for the loss of 2.5 million jobs in America, said the senator, a much-decorated Vietnam War veteran."
"BREAST cancer cases in the UK have hit an all-time high with more than 40,000 women diagnosed with the disease each year, Cancer Re-search UK revealed yesterday."
"This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java, Visual C# and Visual Basic .NET."
"The momentum in the marketplace continues to shift in our direction, he said of his company, formerly named Caldera Systems."
"Other staff members, however, defended the document, saying it would still help policy-makers and the agency improve efforts to address the climate issue."
"In addition, Panther includes FileVault, a new feature that secures the contents of a home directory with 128-bit AES encryption."
Rebels sought to consolidate their grip on a troubled northeastern Congolese town Tuesday after a week of fighting that killed at least 112 people.
"The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI added 47.9 points, or 0.52 percent, to 9,174.35."
Doctors have speculated that estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
South Africa has the world's highest caseload with 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS.
Officer Evans did not respond to requests for an interview last week.
"There is no conscious policy of the United States, I can assure you of this, to move the dollar at all, he said."
"He is suspected of being a key figure in Jemaah Islamiyah, the al-Qa'eda-linked terror group which has been blamed for the bombings."
"Proposition 34, a campaign financing initiative that voters passed in 2000, limits fund raising and spending by gubernatorial candidates."
"Passenger Keith Charlton, who helped tackle the man, last night praised the efforts of the injured chief flight attendant, known to passengers as Greg."
"Without the fleet, NASA has relied on the Russian space program to rotate crew members for the International Space Station and to send supplies to the orbiting laboratory."
Ridge said no real explosives or harmful devices will be used in the exercise.
"He said they were in distress, said Kingsville Police Chief Sam Granato."
"Founders of the group are Matsushita Electric, Sony, Hitachi, NEC, Royal Philips Electronics, Samsung, Sharp and Toshiba."
"A pamphlet will be issued to the public through major hardware chains, local libraries and on the EPA Web site: www.epa.gov."
"Goldman also raised its quarterly dividend to 25 cents from 12 cents, citing the new tax law."
"After what happened here ... it's tacky and unpatriotic, said JoAnn Marquis, visiting the site with her husband from Salem, Mass."
A lawsuit has been filed in an attempt to block the removal of the Ten Commandments monument from the building.
"At one of the three sampling sites at Huntington Beach, the bacteria reading came back at 160 on June 16 and at 120 on June 23."
She had been critically ill after May 7 surgery to replace a heart valve.
"Dynes will get $395,000 a year, up from Atkinson's current salary of $361,400."
A senior Administration official who briefed journalists on Friday said neither Mr Bush nor National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice read the estimate in its entirety.
"Mrs Boncyk's husband, Wayne, had taken the family car to work, so his wife and children had to ride with neighbours."
"If no candidate wins 50 percent plus one in today's election, the top two will meet in a runoff June 3."
"During her two days of meetings, Rocca will not meet the rebels since they are banned by the United States as a ""terrorist organisation""."
"As such, consumers want to easily enjoy this content, regardless of the source, across different devices and locations in the home, said the group."
"HCA Inc. , the largest U.S. hospital chain, dropped $2.21, or 5.8 percent, to $36.14."
"So Sebastian did his best to convincingly confess to a crime that he didn't commit in order to survive, she told jurors."
"Bush plans to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and the new Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, in the Jordanian port of Aqaba on Wednesday."
"Financial terms of the deal, expected to close this month, were not released."
"This sale is part of our efforts to simplify our Foodservice Products business and improve its cost structure, Multifoods chairman and chief executive officer Gary Costley said."
World Airways Inc. and North American Airlines Inc. also have filed applications seeking authority to provide service to Iraq.
Justice Anthony Kennedy dissented in an opinion joined by Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas.
"The idea that Tony Abbott is in some way a one-dimensional political head-kicker couldn't be more wrong, Mr Howard said."
"For the same reason Dell and Gateway can get TVs, there's no reason Wal-Mart can't get computers, said Steve Baker, an analyst with NPD Group."
"The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI added 38 points, or 0.42 percent, to 9,165."
New chief executive Mark McInnes has already said that capping costs would be the number one priority for David Jones as part of the review process.
The justices declined without comment to review the ruling that upheld physicians' rights to speak freely with their patients.
"Thomas and Tauzin say, as do many doctors, that the Bush administration has the power to correct some of those flaws."
They are being held on immigration violations as the incident is investigated.
"We respectfully disagreed with Massachusetts's request for fees on the basis that they did not prevail on the vast majority of their original claims, Microsoft spokeswoman Stacy Drake said."
Their election increases the board from seven people to nine.
"If Fortigel, a testosterone gel, had been approved, Cellegy would have reached profitability by the second half of 2004, Mr. Juelis said."
"For the week ended June 15, a total of 28.2 million DVDs were rented in the United States, compared with 27.3 million VHS cassettes."
"U.S. officials say the six were, like other prisoners at the U.S. Naval base in Cuba, suspected of involvement with al-Qaida, Afghanistan's Taliban or some other group."
"Special, sensitive light sensors pick up the telltale glow, he said."
"I will support a constitutional amendment which would honor marriage between a man and a woman, codify that, he said."
"The largest gains were seen in prices, new orders, inventories and exports."
Pepper spray and four arrests marked a Monday evening march and rally by about 400 activists protesting an annual training seminar of the Law Enforcement Intelligence Unit.
"Last year, Congress passed similar, though less expensive, buyout legislation for peanut farmers, ending that Depression-era program."
"In the interview, Janet Racicot said she heard the thud from the kitchen, where she was getting a glass of water early Saturday morning."
"Two convicted killers and another inmate escaped from a state prison on a busy street Wednesday by cutting through a fence, a Corrections Department official said."
"US authorities blame Al Qaeda for the attacks, which killed 231 people, including 12 Americans."
"The government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks, homeland security officials announced Tuesday."
Microsoft says customers can install applications and software on their handset wirelessly or from a PC via USB connection.
"After consulting with experts, he said he was advised a delay will give Luna his best chance of reuniting with ""L"" Pod, his family."
"The Democratic governor said the budget passed by the legislature May 9 would reduce or eliminate services to 5,800 developmentally disabled people."
Video replays suggested the ball had hit the ground before making contact with Sangakkara's foot.
IG Farben's 500 properties were valued at around 38-million euros (about R300-million) and the firm had debts totalling about 28-million.
"The Midwestern research center will focus on the development of diagnostic, therapeutic and vaccine products for anthrax, botulism, tularemia, hemorrhagic fever viruses and plague."
"The case has been ready to go for some time, said FBI Special Agent Craig Dahle in Birmingham."
"Voters in Cleveland Heights, Ohio, approved a proposal allowing same-sex couples - and also unmarried heterosexual couples - to officially register as domestic partners."
"Shares of Corixa were gaining 71 cents, or 10%, to $7.91 on the Nasdaq."
"Unless their parents submit written objections, students, regardless of citizenship status, would be required to participate in the pledges and the minute of silence."
"Forty to 50 years ago, the ratio was 3 to 1, Kessler said, and 10 years ago, it was 2 to 1."
"Based on experience elsewhere, it could take up to two years before regular elections are held, he added."
ImClone Systems Inc. and Genentech Inc. led shares of U.S. biotechnology companies higher after medicines they are developing helped cancer patients in studies.
"It will be the first handset to ship with the Smartphone 2003 version of Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT)  Windows Mobile software, the mobile operator said."
"In the settlement, Tyrer agreed to pay $US1.06 million in allegedly ill-gotten trading profits and $US342,195 in interest, the SEC said."
Auditors acknowledged the auditors did not look at priests' personnel files.
The picture changes a bit should Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton be the Democratic presidential candidate.
Delta personnel at Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport scrambled all day to find alternate flights including seats on other airlines for passengers.
Rork said he thought Walker would ask him to appeal the ruling in state court and perhaps in U.S. District Court.
"And as more than 100 people on death rows have been exonerated, other states have abridged or considered abridging the use of the death penalty."
"MAX Factor cosmetics heir and fugitive rapist Andrew Luster was captured today in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, authorities in the United States said."
"An incremental step reported by researchers at the University of California, San Francisco, is the latest in a decade-long effort."
The two countries agreed last week to hold their first diplomatic discussions in two years.
"As a precaution, NASA instructed space station astronauts to periodically seek shelter from the storm's effects in the station's Russian module."
"Hundreds of soldiers took part in the early morning raid, an apparent signal to Hamas that Israel would not limit itself to airstrikes in Gaza."
"The lawsuit, filed after a 19-month investigation by the Employee Benefits Security Administration, names Lay and Skilling among others."
Stocks had surged on Tuesday as economic reports pointed to a thriving housing market and an uptick in consumer confidence.
"While the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each."
Netanyahu and his advisers say the changes are necessary to permit Israel to compete successfully in the global marketplace and attract investment.
"The tour plans to make stops in 103 cities before rallying in Washington on Oct. 1-2, and in New York City on Oct. 3-4."
"Both companies automate many channels, though XM has some live programming, and Sirius airs live in-studio performances and interviews."
"After posting $3 million bail, Jackson flew to Las Vegas, where he had been working on a video."
"Three undocumented immigrants were found dead inside a railroad hopper car Tuesday, two days after fellow immigrants escaped the sweltering car and left behind their weakened companions."
"Shares of Cellegy were down $2.04, or 39%, to $3.18 in midday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market."
Strayhorn said it was the first time in Texas history a comptroller had not certified the appropriations act.
Southwest said it completed inspections of its entire fleet of 385 aircraft -- all 737s -- and found no additional items.
"The accuser arrived at the hospital wearing yellow knit panties - with someone else's semen and sperm in them, not that of Mr. Bryant, Mackey hammered triumphantly."
Other recall suits are pending in federal court.
"Hines died of cancer Saturday in Los Angeles, publicist Allen Eichhorn said Sunday."
"We're in a highly competitive industry where few apparel brands own and operate manufacturing facilities in North America, Levi Strauss Chief Executive Officer Phil Marineau said in a statement."
He faces 25 years in prison when he is sentenced in federal court July 7.
"Frank Quattrone, the former Credit Suisse First Boston technology investment-banking guru, reportedly pleaded not guilty Tuesday to charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering."
"You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life, Limbaugh, 52, said during a stunning admission aired nationwide."
It will also give Microsoft an opportunity to comment on remedies proposed by the Commission.
"But at age 15, she had reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery."
The decision means that Qarase must invite up to eight Labor Party members into cabinet.
The problem likely will mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet starts flying again.
She estimated it would take three months and would require cancellation of a sub-audit of the Department of Environmental Quality.
Mr. Marshall demonstrated a preference for results over rhetoric in preparing the Civil Rights Act.
"A man, 19-year-old Antowain Johnson, ``tried to go back in and get the rest of them but the smoke wouldn't let him,'' she said."
"Dewhurst's proposal calls for an abrupt end to the controversial ""Robin Hood"" plan for school finance."
"A second Indonesian, Imam Samudra, the so-called ""field commander"" of the bombings, was sentenced to death last month."
October heating oil futures settled .85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon.
"Approximately 60 per cent of all national advertisers do not yet advertise in Spanish, he said."
"Federal and local officials, including Bush, saw no apparent sign of terrorism."
"Thursday, Mr. Romanow called it an offence to democracy to not implement a council that so many Canadians support."
"Sgt. Randy Force, a police spokesman, said O'Brien wasn't being charged with causing the crash because Reed was jaywalking."
"The president's campaign in 2000 set a standard for disclosure in political fund raising, and the campaign will again in 2004, Bush campaign spokesman Dan Ronayne said."
They face charges of robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.
A judge ordered the child placed in state custody Aug. 8.
"Mark Longabaugh, the league's vice president for political affairs, said that Kempthorne has ""shown a distinct contempt for environmental protection."""
"Hoffa, 62, vanished on the afternoon of July 30, 1975, from a Bloomfield Township parking lot in Oakland County, about 25 miles north of Detroit."
"His Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned June 25 in a Virginia Beach, parking lot."
"Dogs, he said, are second only to humans in the thoroughness of medical understanding and research."
It's happened five times in the last 11 years: A disaster puts this Southwestern town in the headlines during the summer tourist season.
"Since it expanded its shipments to the United States, Hulett has captured a significant share of the U.S. market."
"Jack Ferry, company spokesman, said a search is ongoing but would not comment on the status."
The increase reflects lower credit losses and favorable interest rates.
"As frequently happens to a company making a major acquisition, PeopleSoft's shares dropped during yesterday's trading, decreasing $1.42 to close at $14.97."
Prosecutors filed a motion informing Lee they intend to seek the death penalty.
"We will accede to the request while we explore all of our options, VeriSign spokesman Tom Galvin told Reuters."
Several black Democratic leaders were attempting to arrange a meeting with DNC chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs.
The ELF has claimed responsibility for a slew of arson attacks against commercial entities that members say threaten or damage the environment.
"On a positive note, C&W's estimated lease commitments -- one potential hurdle to U.S. exit -- fell 600 million pounds to 1.6 billion."
"Trevor Fetter, who returned to Tenet as president last November, has been appointed as acting CEO, the company said."
Galveston County District Attorney Kurt Sistrunk said his office received the recordings this week.
"Still, Jessica Biel (of ""7th Heaven"" fame) brings an athletic intensity to the role of Leatherface's last elusive victim."
Kelly said Mr Rumsfeld last month made the unsolicited suggestion that this year's honour should go to all men and women who wear the US uniform.
"When a manager let him into the apartment, the youngster was in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching a TV cartoon channel."
"Cmdr. Rod Gibbons, an academy spokesman, said, ""The academy is shocked and saddened."
"Westfield also will continue discussions over the other co-owned centres, such as Knox City in Melbourne, where Deutsche Bank owns a 50 per cent stake."
Atlanta's Hartsfield International Airport will test a nationwide security system that will collect fingerprints and take photographs of millions of foreign visitors each year.
"I will pass on to him [Mr. Cheney] that Canada still remains a safe, secure and reliable supply of energy, Mr. Klein said Sunday."
"The number of passengers aboard was not known and may never be, since ferry operators rarely keep full passenger lists."
"Slightly more than half of the profit shortfall results from a sales slump, with weakness spread across the company's various geographic and end markets."
"Government workers trapped in a burning downtown office tower frantically dialed 911 as they tried to make their way through smoke-filled staircases and hallways, officials said."
"The computers were reportedly located in the U.S., Canada and South Korea."
"Also, hospital efforts to start ""fever clinics"" in parking lot tents to keep infectious patients out of emergency rooms are ""moving along impressively,"" Dr. Roth said."
"The number of reported rapes rose by 4 percent and the number of murders grew by 0.8 percent, the FBI said."
Sources who knew of the bidding said last week that cable TV company Comcast Corp. was also looking at VUE.
"Hormone replacement therapy that combines estrogen and progestin doubles a woman's risk of breast cancer, a British study of more than a million women has found."
"Stout previously worked for General Electric subsidiary GE Capital Service Inc., where he was vice president and chief technology and information officer."
The Labor Day race for Fontana has gained momentum since the series visited the Speedway for the Auto Club California 500 last April.
"The government began on September 1 to add the word ""Taiwan"" in English to the cover of new passport, a decision slammed by Beijing."
"No one has been killed in the attacks, which have continued despite major setbacks for al Qaeda in a battle with Saudi security forces."
"Hynix CEO E.J. Woo condemned the decision calling the ruling an ""outrageous act aimed at a hidden agenda."""
OPEC producers at a meeting on Wednesday are set to pressure independent oil exporters to contribute to the cartel's next supply cut to allow for the return of Iraqi oil.
"At least 1,750 people were ordered to evacuate their homes shortly before 9 a.m. as a precaution, said Steve Powers, Marquette County administrator."
"Full classes of 48 are booked through September, he said, and the Transportation Security Administration plans to double its classes in January."
"But Close wondered whether the package would be worth the cost of licensing the third-party software, along with Salesforce.com's rental price."
There's also a flaw that results because IE does not implement an appropriate block on a file download dialog box.
"Parrado's aunt believes her nephew, who has served a prison sentence in Cuba, will be persecuted if he is repatriated."
His hatred for these people had germinated from these discussions and helped cement his belief that violence was the panacea.
"Rashidi Ahmad, 33, was found dead in his pickup truck after it crashed into a building at Lincolnshire and Williamsborough drives, near Franklin Boulevard."
"That's one reason why I'm running to be president,"" he told a rally in New Hampshire."
"Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these (pension) payments irrespective of the circumstances in which he left the company, Mr Argus said."
"Mr. Malik assured him that he would be considered a martyr if he did not return, the witness testified."
The most serious breach of royal security in recent years occurred in 1982 when 30-year-old Michael Fagan broke into the queen's bedroom at Buckingham Palace.
"Although some firms show BPO savings, vendors overstate their current offerings, John C. McCarthy, Forrester Group director, said."
Higher courts have ruled that the tablets broke the constitutional separation of church and state.
Southwest said it had already inspected its fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional suspicious items.
"D'Cunha said, from a science standpoint, Toronto's last case was April 19, so the all-clear day was actually yesterday."
"Martha Stewart shares fell $2.03, about 18 percent, to $9.17 and were the NYSE's biggest percentage loser."
Stocks have rallied sharply for more than three months in anticipation of a rebound in the second half of the year.
"Sony's portfolio gives subscribers a variety of personalized services including the ability to download and experience images, ring tones, music videos and other music entertainment services."
"It is a national concern that will touch virtually every American,"" Abraham said."
"Crohn's disease causes inflammation of the intestine and symptoms include diarrhea, pain, weight loss and tiredness."
"Once identified, remains of terrorists are immediately removed from the so-called memorial park, a temporary refrigerated storage facility on Manhattan."
State police said as many as 30 workers were trapped immediately after the garage collapsed.
She says the King County medical examiner's office has confirmed the remains are human.
"Peterson's lawyer, Mark Geragos of Los Angeles, was quick to swipe at the testing procedure."
Urban hospitals have traditionally been reimbursed at higher rates on the belief that medical treatment is less expensive in small cities and towns.
Both devices implement the v1.2 standard's eSCO facility to provide the basis for new cordless telephony applications.
"With 2.3 million members nationwide, the Episcopal Church is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member global Anglican Communion."
"According to market research from The NPD Group, the number of people downloading music dropped from 14.5 million in April to 10.4 million in June."
"We're making these commitments first and foremost because we think it's the right thing to do, company spokesman Michael Mudd said yesterday."
"Mitchell, Man of La Mancha, Malcolm Gets from Amour and John Selya, Movin' Out, complete the field."
P&G officials later concluded that the better approach was to split up the contracts to avoid reliance on just one contractor.
"In exchange, North Korea would be required to end its nuclear weapons program."
British-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States.
"Ximian brings Novell unparalleled expertise, strengthening our ability to work with [our] customers and leverage open source initiatives more constructively."""
"However, disability declined by more than 10 percent for those 60 to 69, the study said."
He also drove in a run on a groundout against Franklin in the fifth.
"No Americans were reported among the casualties, according to Capt. Michael Calvert, a spokesman for the regiment."
"Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence ""feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there."
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC when it bought the assets of Connectix earlier this year.
"Compounding the pain for bonds, housing starts jumped a strong 6.1 percent in May while industrial output edged up 0.1 percent, just beating forecasts of a flat outcome."
"The agent, Bassem Youssef, filed the lawsuit on Friday in Federal District Court for the District of Columbia."
The case had consolidated numerous class action suits filed against Rambus in 2001.
"Goldman is trying to sell the shares to institutional investors at $US13.15 each, said the traders, who received calls from the securities firm's sales force."
"Buoyed by some of the advice imparted by Nicklaus, Howell shot an 8-under 64 for a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry."
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.
"In Kentucky, Democratic Attorney General Ben Chandler faces U.S. Rep. Ernie Fletcher."
"From July 1, 2002, to June 30, 2003, the organization said it spent $114.3 million but took in only $39.5 million."
He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again.
The 2002 second quarter results don't include figures from our friends at Compaq.
"But the settlement also defers any payment to investors, potentially for years, until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved."
"The agent reported his contacts to Texas Department of Public Safety and told officers another legislator, Rep. Gabi Canales, D-Alice, they sought also was in Ardmore."
"Judge Gerald W. Heaney, in dissent, said the authorities should have allowed the prisoner to be medicated without the consequence of execution."
"The updated products include Pylon Pro, Pylon Conduit, Pylon Anywhere, and Pylon Application Server."
"In a statement, Microsoft said the dividend is payable Nov. 7 to shareholders of record on Oct. 17."
"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attack, Barbara Comstock said."
"In interviews with engineers, most of whom have not spoken publicly until now, the lines of discord between NASA's engineers and managers are evident."
"They looked at their son-in-law and his relatives, but did not exchange words."
"Watson, of Whitakers, N.C., was found guilty of making a false threat to detonate explosives, and destruction of federal property."
"In a statement later, he said it appeared his side had fallen a bit short."
"Net profit was $275m, or 23 cents per American Depositary Receipt, for the period ending March 31."
Gartner analysts said that businesses are not yet feeling confident enough to upgrade corporate PCs.
"Thursday, U.S. District Judge Florence-Marie Cooper will consider the second motion."
Emmy and Golden Globe Award-winners James Brolin and Judy Davis star as Ronald and Nancy Reagan in The Reagans.
"State air regulators and two automakers have settled a lawsuit challenging the nation's toughest auto emissions program, a spokesman for California's air board said Monday."
NASA's organizational culture and structure had as much to do with this accident as the (loose) foam.
ONA explicitly stated that it did not receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah terrorist network was planning to mount an operation in Bali.
"A powerful typhoon hit southern areas of South Korea, killing at least 42 people and forcing thousands to flee, authorities said yesterday."
"The company must either pay NTP the $53.7-million or post a bond with the court pending the appeal, Mr. Wallace said."
Motorola had scheduled its earnings report to be released today after the close of trading.
"It indicates, Roberts said, ""that terrorists really don't care who they attack."
"AMC has since asked the experienced Fluor company of the US to produce a detailed costing of the project, but the report is still two weeks away."
"The new Army Commander is the Masaka Armoured Brigade commanding officer, Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima who is now promoted to major general."
"SSE shares were little changed, up 0.3 percent at 654 pence by 1018 GMT, but analysts welcomed the move."
"United issued a statement saying it will ""work professionally and cooperatively with all its unions."""
One of the Commission's publicly stated goals is to ensure other producers' server software can work with desktop computers running Windows as easily as Microsoft's.
"They said they also seized several items which might be linked to ritual killing, including an animal's skull with a nail driven through it."
"She told Murray, ""We ... we have ... the fresh air is going down fast!"""
They found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down cholesterol.
"Shares of Coke were down 49 cents, or 1.1 percent, at $43.52 in early trading Friday on the New York Stock Exchange."
"SARS has also taken a toll on Taiwan's economy, as it has on economies across the region, hammering consumer spending and leaving shops, restaurants and airports empty."
They said: “We believe that the time has come for legislation to make public places smoke-free.
Prince William County prosecutors told a judge yesterday they now want the trial of sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad moved out of the area.
"Even when the exchange detected violations, it often failed to take disciplinary action, the SEC said."
Blair's Foreign Secretary Jack Straw was to take his place on Monday to give a statement to parliament on the European Union.
The yield on the 3 5/8 percent February 2013 note dropped 2 basis points to 3.66 percent.
"South San Francisco's Genentech, the world's second-biggest biotechnology company, rose 6.6 percent to $66.73."
"The greenback scored beefy gains against the euro, yen and Swiss franc despite weaker-than-expected September U.S. retail sales figures."
"The value will total about $124 million, including convertible securities, according to Corel."
The horrific nature of the attacks is often fueled by a mix of tribal hatreds and a desire to spread terror in the region.
"Officials with Rescue California, one of the groups leading the recall campaign, called the lawsuit laughable."
"It appears that the machine was cracked using a ptrace exploit by a local user immediately after the exploit was posted on BugTraq."""
"Preventing stronger gains, News Corp <NCP.AX> fell 1.3 percent to A$12.43 and Brambles <BIL.AX> dropped 1.9 percent to A$4.75 after a weak performance overnight."
"An officer in the People's Liberation Army selected from a pool of 14, Lt-Col Yang is the son of a teacher and an official at an agricultural firm."
Medical experts said the condition was mildly worrying but easily-manageable.
An injured woman co-worker also was hospitalized and was listed in good condition.
About 400 of those taken into custody were charged with manufacturing or distributing child pornography on the Internet.
"The only other person who had not been accounted for Sunday was a man from Fort Worth, Texas."
Brian Brabazon said his son would get upset but then turn around and befriend his taunters.
"The shooting victim was taken to Kings County Hospital Center, where he later died, the police said."
"Until this site was reported, the earliest site in Bering land-bridge area was dated at about 11,000 years ago, Grayson said."
"He said there was no indication, so far, that Gehring used his card for hotels, motels or other overnight stops."
"SARS has killed 296 people on China's mainland and infected more than 5,200."
"The current plan is to release the videotapes of the sessions, after U.S. review, on Friday, said Jim Landale, a spokesman for the tribunal."
"Mr. Bergonzi was the finance chief from 1995 until his departure in 1999, and was intimately involved in the alleged scheme to pump up Rite Aid's earnings."
The South Korean Agriculture and Forestry Ministry also said it would throw out or send back all Canadian beef currently in store.
"SCO intends to provide them with choices to help them run Linux in a legal and fully paid-for way, he said."
Grassley and Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.
"Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings, but few Balinese attended the trial."
Police and school officials agreed last week to step up police presence in response to reports of increased violence and gang activity.
"The gloves are off, said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill."
"The two forms account for about 30 percent of the approximately 7 million immigration benefits applications received annually, immigration officials said."
"Pat Anderson, the attorney representing the parents, Bob and Mary Schindler, declined to comment."
"Abbas told the summit he would end the ""armed intefadeh,"" renounced ""terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be"" and alluded to the disarming of militants."
