"On Wednesday, Judge Pollack dismissed a similar class-action lawsuit filed by investors who lost money in Merrill's Global Technology fund."
"The contact between the delegations ended a diplomatic drought between the two nations, at odds over the nuclear program and U.S. demands that it cease immediately."
"Second, I am responsible for the approval process in my agency."
"Moroccan Interior Minister Al Mustapha Sahel told state-run 2M television late Saturday the investigation ""points to a group that has been arrested recently"" an apparent reference to Salafist Jihad."
"Several shots rang out Wednesday night, but no gators were killed then."
Monday's three-count indictment replaces a criminal complaint filed by prosecutors on April 23.
Other businesses are volunteering to put the alerts on their electronic signs and billboards.
"Police spokesman Wayne Bvudzijena said in a statement that at least 154 people, most of them opposition activists or officials, were arrested across the country Monday."
"Cruz looked like a police sketch of the suspect and had injuries consistent with what police expected from the struggle he had with Jennette's mother, Chief William Lansdowne said."
The £5m gives BA a considerable return on the £5 they originally paid for Concorde.
Already large swells and dangerous surf have arrived along the mid-Atlantic.
Supporters say those people will gamble and have enough money left over to spend in restaurants and stores.
The Nets and the San Antonio Spurs are crossing new frontiers of offensive ineptitude while embarrassing their high-scoring ABA forefathers.
"The consumer-confidence index came in at 83.5 in June, down slightly from a revised 83.6 in May, the Conference Board said."
"Another Chechen emergency ministry official, Ruslan Khadzhiyev, said the truck was carrying the equivalent of 1.6 tons of TNT."
"The Queens man arrested for allegedly threatening to shoot City Councilman Hiram Monserrate was held on $100,000 bail Saturday, a spokesman for the Queens district attorney said."
"An Iranian Kurd who stitched up his eyes, lips and ears in protest at being refused asylum has been granted refugee status."
A Stage 1 episode is declared when ozone levels reach 0.20 parts per million.
"I stand 100 percent by it, and I think that our intelligence services gave us the correct intelligence and information at the time,"" Blair said."
"He and colleagues named it Colymbosathon ecplecticos, which means ""swimmer with a large penis."""
Budget negotiations between the mayor and the City Council are entering high gear.
"The government recently shelved peace talks being brokered by neighbouring Malaysia after a spate of attacks on Mindanao, including three deadly bombings, that it blamed on the MILF."
The defense said the woman testified under an immunity deal protecting her from punishment for lying and other violations of the academy's honor code.
"Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call."
"The bill, for somewhere between $100,000 and $250,000, went unnoticed until after the couple's legal defense fund paid out roughly $7 million in fees."
There’s also at least three suspected cases in Illinois and 11 in Indiana.
Grassley and Baucus said they had rejected that approach in their plan.
"Larger publishers such as Simon & Schuster and Random House decided not to pursue the books group, sources familiar with the situation said."
Hundreds of people have signed petitions calling for Archbishop Thomas Kelly's resignation for his handling of the crisis.
"Robert Stewart, spokesman for Park Place Entertainment, the parent company for Caesars, said the Supreme Court seemed to change the rules for lawsuits."
"Software developers use compilers to translate a programming language, such as C++, into the machine language understood by the processor."
"CS Financial Services made a 666 million franc net profit, six percent less than in the fourth quarter of last year."
Merrill Lynch did not admit to wrongdoing in the accord.
"Family and friends of the west Belfast man insist he was in the West Bank on a ""cultural visit""."
"Hines died yesterday in Los Angeles of cancer, publicist Allen Eichorn said."
"Matrix Reloaded opened in limited previews Wednesday night, and its total for all five days was estimated at $135.8 million."
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped by employees; others took pictures of security-sensitive areas without anyone challenging them.
"The anticipated global sales improvement in the month of June did not materialize as we had anticipated, the company said."
Bush said the United States was reviewing documents and interviewing Iraqis in an effort to support the administration's still unproven claim that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction.
"The Congress of the United States has never — ever — outlawed a medical procedure, said Rep. Louise McIntosh Slaughter (D-N.Y.)."
Officials said data will be used to verify whether travelers have exceeded their authorized stay.
"Dolores E. Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs is just the type of person who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress."
She said some fast-food chains already display calorie information about their meals on their Web sites.
The University of Michigan plans to release a new undergraduate admissions policy Thursday after its acceptance requirements were rejected by the U.S. Supreme Court in June.
"The fire calmed down considerably overnight, then it rained, said Andy Lyon, spokesman for the Douglas County fire command center."
Rowland was making an appearance at a holiday party for families of Connecticut National Guard soldiers assigned to duty in Iraq and Afghanistan.
"On Jan. 12, 1996, two of his nude models were arrested atop of a Manhattan snowdrift, posed beneath an ice-cream parlor sign that advertised ""Frozen Fantasies."""
"Both have aired videotapes apparently from deposed Iraqi President Saddam Hussein, encouraging Iraqis to fight the U.S. occupation."
"Villalona put it more bluntly: ``He did a bad job going up there,'' he said."
The dice are rolling at Borgata Hotel Casino & Spa.
His spokesman Jim Kennedy said the former president also gave more than 70 speeches in 2002 without compensation.
"Macklowe has signed a sale contract, which is expected to close shortly, said his spokesman, Howard Rubenstein."
"The bus blast in Helmand happened early in the morning in Nadi Ali district, west of the provincial capital Lashkargah."
"Justice Sandra Day O'Connor said today that she would serve out the next term of the Supreme Court, dismissing speculation that she was ready to retire."
Those who ejaculated more than five times a week were a third less likely to develop serious prostate cancer in later life.
The Air Force inspector general and the Pentagon also are investigating.
"I feel like the weight of the world has been lifted from my shoulders, Ms. McCorvey said at a downtown Dallas news conference."
Four of the defendants have pleaded guilty to weapons charges and other counts.
"No team has overcome a 3-1 deficit in the NBA Finals, and the New Jersey Nets don't want to try their luck at it."
"Analysts attributed its rise to negative news from bankrupt competitor WorldCom Inc. <WCOEQ.PK> and talk that AT&T could be a takeover target, among other factors."
"The fire has so far charred 11,400 acres on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson, and more than 250 homes have been destroyed."
"By the time that Reagan left office in 1989, the Navy had nearly 600 ships - about twice the number that it has today."
"In 1998, a 33-year-old man died after he was struck by a metal cleat at the Columbia ship attraction."
Those children later diagnosed with the most severe autism showed the greatest increase in early rapid head growth compared to those children with milder forms of the disorder.
"Conway called the move ""atrociously bad behaviour from a company with a history of atrociously bad behaviour."""
"When Olvera-Carrera was moved to the bus, the officers dragged his paralyzed body across the ground, Perez said."
Foreign Minister Alexander Downer yesterday claimed the group of 14 Kurds had not asked to be considered as refugees when they arrived off Melville Island last week.
"Barry Callebaut will be able to use Brach's retail network to sell products made from its German subsidiary Stollwerck, which makes chocolate products unknown to the American market."
"She did — and then some, besting a 144-player field that included former winners Sorenstam and Juli Inkster, as well as Wie."
"Uruguayan armoured personnel carriers trained mounted machine guns down Bunia's empty main street, but they were under orders not to open fire."
Robbins said he wants to take networks such as ESPN that charge more than $1 per Cox customer and make them optional choices.
"He said yesterday that the film is ""meant to inspire, not offend."""
"That victim, a New Jersey resident, was in critical but stable condition at the hospital."
We're losing one or two American soldiers every day.
German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder said last week that Berlin will consider sending peacekeepers only if requested by an interim Iraqi government or the United Nations.
"If a company won't do so, its drugs could be prescribed to Medicaid patients only with the state's say-so."
"Today, the experts will perform the United States' first simultaneous release of five whales from a single stranding incident."
The MDC called the week-long protest to urge Mugabe either to resign or to negotiate a settlement of the crisis gripping the country.
"In creating the game, it was not our intention to target or offend any group or persons or to incite hatred or violence against such groups persons."
"The president's ""advice to the House Republicans is to pass it, to send it to him, so he can sign it,"" said White House spokesman Ari Fleischer."
Haemochromatosis is a disorder in which people absorb excessive amounts of iron which can lead to organ damage.
"But at the age of 15, she weighed a whopping 117kg and came to a difficult decision: it was time to try surgery."
"Historians believe that the 157-foot warship was carrying 9 tons of gold coins to buy the loyalty of the Duke of Savoy, a potential ally in southeastern France."
"Magistrates searched Tanzi's home near Parma on Wednesday and tried to question him the same day, only to find he had left Italy for an undisclosed foreign country."
"Greg Robinson, a doctor who has AIDS, resigned from Health Canada's advisory committee because of what he described as inconsistencies in the access program."
"Canadian investigators slaughtered more than 2,000 cows but were not able to find evidence of any other infected animals."
Al-Amoudi was arrested at Dulles International Airport after arriving on a British Airways flight from London.
"It also added that both proposals would allow Vivendi Uni to maintain ""a substantial minority interest in a U.S. media corporation with excellent growth potential."""
Sheriff's Department spokesman Chris Saunders said the man told them he was frustrated by the Postal Service's response to an accident involving a postal vehicle.
About half of all U.S. households have money in mutual funds.
"A lawyer for Bashir, Mahendradatta, said earlier his client was mentally prepared for a heavy sentencing demand and had felt the Marriott bombing would affect the decision."
An attorney for plaintiff schoolchildren said he plans to appeal.
Previous defense filings said Moussaoui was to be part of an operation outside the United States.
"Three retailers _ Dillard's Inc., Kohl's Department Stores and Nordstrom Inc. _ got Fs."
"Between 50 and 100 people die a year due to these allergies, and thousands more suffer severe reactions such as constricted breathing and dramatic swelling."
"The scientist also quarantined himself at home as soon as he developed SARS symptoms, officials said."
"In several previous shipwrecks, the search for survivors had to be abandoned for similar reasons, leaving the vessels and most of their passengers unaccounted for."
"The shares fell 72 cents, or 3.8 percent, to $18.34 Monday on the New York Stock Exchange."
"Hampton Township is located a few kilometers northeast of Bay City, near Michigan's Thumb."
She said she didn't know yet whether she would certify the budget.
"Early Monday, insurgents threw a homemade bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing an American soldier."
"Beginning Friday, every major exhibitor in the country will donate time to play trailers in more than 5,000 theaters across the United States."
Australian researchers believe they have found a trigger of type 1 diabetes in children - their mothers eating potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy.
Representatives of abuse victims expressed dismay at the possibility.
"This deal makes sense for both companies, Halla said in a prepared statement."
"Investigators ""were chipping away at the concrete to get to the body,"" said Chris Butler, who lives across the street in the quiet city neighborhood."
Spansion Flash memory solutions are available worldwide from AMD and Fujitsu.
"The WHO has said the Singapore case did not fit its profile of SARS and was ""not an international public health concern."""
"Rambus Inc. shot up almost 33 percent, making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq."
Attorneys for both the archdiocese and the plaintiffs began meeting last week to reach the out-of-court settlement.
"A nationally board-certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley makes $65,000 in his 30th year."
"Chante Jawaon Mallard, 27, is charged with murder and tampering with evidence."
"In an accompanying editorial, two breast cancer researchers said that the effect of hormones on the breast created a double whammy that was ""almost unique"" in medicine."
"A new feature dubbed FileVault, also new in Panther, secures the contents of a user's home directory with 128-bit AES encryption."
"Koizumi told reporters at his office that Konoike's remarks were ""inappropriate."""
"Doris Brasher, who owns a grocery store on Highway 96, said many in the close-knit town knew the three men who were killed."
"Former Secretary of State Bill Jones, another potential major candidate, had not divulged his plans Tuesday."
The new campaign comes just weeks after U.S. appeals court rulings requiring Internet service providers to identify subscribers suspected of illegally sharing music and movie files.
"Thursday morning, PeopleSoft's board rejected the Oracle takeover offer."
"The Justice Department's Office of the Inspector General described ""significant problems"" in the Bush administration's actions toward the 762 foreigners held on immigration violations after the attacks."
Dealers said the dollar also drew some support due to falling Japanese interest rates.
China would become the third nation to achieve manned spaceflight.
"Alhart said the governor ""remains hopeful that the city will continue to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions."""
"It should have declared that it was sailing with a cargo that was like an atomic bomb, said Anomeritis."
"I'm amazed at how many people think there is a silver bullet for security, he said."
"He added: ""Culturecom is confident it will make a significant impact on market share with this new development."""
"Taher, acting against his attorney's advice, became the fifth member of the six to enter a plea agreement with the government."
"He said the consequences of the rapes had been ""catastrophic"" for the women involved and for the many mixed-race children they bore, who have been shunned in their communities."
All five suspects were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.
"The company has expanded those basic services, offering payment and even financing."
"Shares of BioReliance sold at $47.98 at the close of market yesterday, down 2 cents."
Dealers said the single currency's downward momentum against the dollar could pick up speed if it broke below $1.15.
"Max Guarino, 17, was found April 25 in the water off City Island."
The no-shows were Sens. John Kerry of Massachusetts and Bob Graham of Florida.
"I'm delighted that David Chase has decided to give us another chapter in the great Sopranos saga, said HBO Chairman Chris Albrecht in a statement."
"The House voted 256-170 on Tuesday to approve the bill sponsored by Rep. Scott McInnis, R-Colo."
"Tibco has used the Rendezvous name since 1994 for several of its technology products, it said."
The letter bomb sent to Prodi exploded in his hands but he was unhurt.
It calls for the return of U.N. weapons inspectors to verify that Iraq is free of weapons of mass destruction.
"Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, repeatedly has said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2."
"While a month's supply of aspirin can cost under $10, the equivalent amount of ticlopidine can run well over $100."
"In March 2002, 63 percent of home broadband users connected via cable modem; 34 percent used a DSL service."
"In 1993, villagers presented the Methodist Church of Fiji with Baker's boots — which cannibals tried unsuccessfully to cook and eat."
"Two Japanese diplomats were also killed in an ambush near Tikrit, according to the Japanese Foreign Ministry."
"A captured rebel said 2,100 combatants had been involved in the offensive."
"Reloaded is the second installment of a trilogy; ""The Matrix Revolutions"" is slated for debut in November."
"A rival distributor, Mike Selwyn, of United International Pictures, says he cannot detect, unlike The Matrix Revolutions, any advance scepticism."
"They also said the rule will improve the reliability of the nation's electrical system, which is needed after last week's massive power blackout."
"Around 1,500 police are to be deployed at Niigata for the ferry's visit."
"Deposit and loan growth, strong investment banking and trading results and strong growth in mortgage and card revenues drove this quarter's results."
"The EU statement stopped short of endorsing the U.S. charge that Tehran is seeking nuclear weapons but said some aspects of Iran's programme raised ""serious concern""."
Her detention brings to 19 the number of the 55 who have been caught.
"I came to Washington basically to establish relationships and make sure we are getting more federal money, Schwarzenegger said after one meeting."
"It is highly conditional, faces significant regulatory delays and uncertainty, and threatens serious damage to our business."
"The other 18 people in the building, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend, were not injured, police spokesman Don Aaron said."
"Shares of Hartford were up $2.28, or 5.2 percent, to $45.90 in midday trading."
"Closed sessions are routinely held at the U.N. tribunal that deals with Balkan war crimes, but they are usually closed to protect witnesses who fear for their safety."
"The question that has to be penetrated is how did 38 visits over two years not rescue these children from slow torture and starvation, Ryan said in an interview."
"Identity theft cost businesses and financial institutions nearly $48 billion and consumer victims reported $5 billion in out-of-pocket expenses last year, according to the FTC."
"States of emergency were declared in North Carolina, Virginia, Washington DC, Maryland, West Virginia, Delaware, Pennsylvania and New Jersey."
"Before yesterday, 19 firefighters assigned to wildfires had died on duty this year, said Tracey Powers, spokeswoman for the National Interagency Fire Center in Boise."
"After their arrests, the men told investigators they paid to be smuggled into the United States from Canada last month."
He said eight or nine homes had been destroyed by the now-smoldering fire northwest of Boulder.
"The previous biggest R rated opening was ""Hannibal's"" $58 million."
Ernest Bucklew was headed home for his mother's funeral in Pennsylvania.
"Sixty-one people were killed and dozens wounded in outbreaks of violence across Afghanistan in the troubled country's bloodiest 24 hours in more than a year, officials said Wednesday."
The first products will likely be dongles costing $100 to $150 that will establish connections between consumer electronics devices and PCs.
"Only the positive effect on the financial services industry was assured, he said."
A spokeswoman for Interscope Geffen A&M Records declined to elaborate.
"Martha Stewart is being prosecuted not because of who she is but because of what she did, he said."
"Mr Jouejati said that with the US-backed road map ""in a coma"" the attack could easily widen through the region."
"The Sunnyvale, Calif., chipmaker announced its plans Tuesday at the Embedded Systems Conference in Boston."
"A Caesarean had originally been planned in mid- November, two weeks early."
"Researchers at Sweden's Karolinska Institute recently went over data from more than 2,000 children treated with radiation for a harmless birthmark condition between 1930 and 1959."
"In response to sluggish sales, Cisco pared spending."
SAN Architect and AutoAdvice can be used as stand-alone applications or as an extension to EMC's ControlCenter applications.
"The Senate majority leader, Bill Frist, R-Tenn., said he hoped Congress would finish work on the legislation by late September."
COMPACT discs could be history within five years after scientists made a fingertip-sized replacement.
"At that time, Rambus accused Infineon of patent infringement and Infineon countersued Rambus for breach of contract and fraud."
"Some opposition leaders called for withdrawing troops, but others said they would reserve comment until mourning was over."
Among the proposals being considered is for Zimbabwe to have the opportunity to rejoin the 54-member body before the next Commonwealth Heads of Government meeting in two years.
"Analysts surveyed by Reuters Research expected earnings of 13 cents a share on revenue of $6.7 billion, on average."
"In addition, Hambali laments, ""all the group's savings have been lost to raids and arrests,"" and ""JI is now totally dependent on al-Qaeda for money."""
"The UN has approximately 600 troops in the town, but they were ""neither trained nor equipped"" to deal with inter-ethnic violence, Mr Eckhard said."
Giving up half the duties is one of several negotiating items where Canada appears to have caved in to U.S. demands and accepted less favourable terms.
"In Canada, the surging dollar was in focus again as it struggled and just failed to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark."
"The Jacksons remained in Camden County jail on $100,000 bail."
"New York Supreme Court Justice Ira Gammerman said in his statement that the lawsuit was ""ill-conceived."""
"The Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 10.89, or 1.2 percent, to 931.12 as of 12:01 p.m. in New York."
"Revelations of the expenditures shocked some employees at Delta, an airline that has posted huge losses and cut jobs as it struggles with increased security costs and fewer passengers."
"Its attackers had to launch their strike from hundreds of metres away, with a makeshift rocket launcher disguised as a portable electric generator."
The governor will present his budget proposals to the General Assembly in January.
"Though the legal age for marriage in Romania is 18, the country generally tolerates the tradition of arranged child weddings among Roma, as Gypsies are also known."
"The English star was expected to be discharged from the hospital soon, said Jackie Green, a spokeswoman for the show's press agent."
O'Keefe declined to discuss whether such photos would have enough resolution to detect small cracks in the wing panels.
"Clijsters was simply too powerful for Spanish veteran Conchita Martinez, winning 6-2, 6-1."
"The seal will ultimately be used on department materials, signage, credentials, badges, vehicles, sea vessels and aircraft."
"She insisted that throughout the mission, managers ""were basing our decisions on the best information that we had at the time."""
"Texas lawmakers must close a $185.9 million budget gap by the middle of July or the schools wont open in September, Comptroller Carole Keeton Strayhorn said Thursday."
"A black pickup truck was also seen in the Campbells Creek area, Morris said."
The sick children have been staying home and Althardt said there was no indication any had needed to be hospitalized.
Chi-Chi's has agreed to keep the restaurant closed until Jan. 2 -- two months after it voluntarily closed when the disease was first reported.
"As long as we don't march on Tehran, I think we are going to be in pretty good shape, he said."
Beck and his team have identified roughly 130 genes that somehow cause or predispose humans to certain diseases.
"With 97 percent of precincts counted tonight, 68 percent of voters opposed the tax."
"The New York Times asked employees at its headquarters to shut down their computers yesterday because of ""computing system difficulties."""
"Six new Krispy Kreme stores were opened in the first quarter, bringing the total number of stores to 282."
Class-action suits expand sharply the number of plaintiffs and damages in a suit by allowing initial plaintiffs to sue on behalf of a larger group with common interests.
The Connecticut Hospital Association joined the Red Cross Monday in calling for more blood donors.
"Pittsburgh, West Virginia, Rutgers, Connecticut and Virginia Tech filed the lawsuit this month in Hartford, Conn."
"In Dallas, no official ceremony marked the anniversary."
He most recently served as corporate vice president of Microsoft's Mobile Devices Marketing Group.
"There will be 9.3 million visitors to hot spots in 2003, up from 2.5 million in 2002, Gartner said."
Economists said those concerns raised the odds that the Fed might reduce rates at its next meeting on June 24-25.
"Such communication will help adult smokers make more informed choices, company vice president Richard Verheij told a separate hearing, before a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee."
Prosecutors maintained that Durst murdered Black to try to assume Black's identity.
"Sales fell to $3.3bn in 2002, as the bad news from the Women's Health Initiative hit the US market."
"Shares of EDS closed Thursday at $18.51, up 6 cents on the New York Stock Exchange."
It also disclosed that sales -- a figure closely watched by analysts as a barometer of its health -- were significantly higher than industry experts expected.
"We think PeopleSoft customers deserve the right to choose, Ellison said."
The company said it would cut the wholesale price of most top-line CDs to $9.09 from $12.02.
"North American futures pointed to a strong start to the first trading session of the week Monday, as earnings season slows and economic indicators take the spotlight."
"Russian Yuri Malenchenko, American Edward Lu and Spain's Pedro Duque came down in their Soyuz TMA-2 capsule at 2:40 a.m. GMT."
"Mr Hughes had seen Amrozi's face on television, the infamous images of the grinning mechanic from east Java."
"Mr Blair became Labour leader in 1994 after the then leader, John Smith, died of a heart attack."
"Seifert, he testified, had a gunshot wound in the back."
"But if the trademark is withdrawn, subscribers won't have access to Blue Cross Blue Shield nationwide and international service providers."
"Powers said almost all supercomputer users would rather pay the $100,000 to $10 million for a supercomputer than try to build their own."
PeopleSoft has argued that an Oracle takeover would face substantial regulatory delays and a significant likelihood that the transaction would be prohibited.
"This puts telemarketers on notice that we will take all measures necessary to protect consumers who chose to be left alone in their homes, FCC chairman Michael Powell said."
"Under the law, telemarketers who call numbers on the list can be fined up to $11,000 for each violation."
"The fighting begun May 7 after neighboring Uganda completed the withdrawal of its more than 6,000 soldiers from in an around Bunia."
"Jay Fishman, 51, chairman and chief executive of St Paul, will be chief executive of the combined company."
"A couple starved their four adopted sons for years while allowing their daughters to feast on takeaways, police and neighbours said today."
"We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight, Daschle of South Dakota wrote the Republican president."
"We cannot, and will not, allow anything of the kind."
"Circuit Judge LeRoy Millette said it ""has been clearly shown that such a change of venue is necessary to ensure a fair and impartial trial."""
"Basically, the plaintiffs did not show that omissions in Merrill's research caused the claimed losses."
The Senate motion also called on Prime Minister John Howard to hold a royal commission into child sex abuse.
"Maximum sustained winds were around 40 mph, with stronger gusts."
"The Columbia broke apart during descent on Feb. 1, killing all seven astronauts aboard."
"At first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken, said Gen. Richard Myers, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff."
"Whereas long lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks, now they are lucky to catch one, Myers said."
"Under the original Roe v. Wade ruling, the abortion decision was left to the woman and her physician before a fetus could live outside the womb."
Rivers were also drying up - a stretch of Danube passing through the Balkans dropped so low that wrecks of World War II boats became visible.
A judge already has ruled that double-jeopardy protections don't apply in the case.
Mrs Clinton writes her husband's eyes filled with tears when she told him he would have to confess to Chelsea as well.
"However, the Saudi interior minister, Prince Nayef, denied the reports."
"Kaichen's former landlord, Carol Halperin of Chappaqua, said Kaichen claimed to have volunteered at Ground Zero in the aftermath of the attack."
The fight over online music sales was disclosed in documents made available Monday by the court.
"They have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears, Bush said."
"In a letter sent to The New York Times after his resignation, Mr Blair blamed ""personal issues"" and apologised for his ""lapse of journalistic integrity""."
"The GAO found that cable rates have increased by 40 percent during the past five years, far above the 12 percent inflation in that period."
"The dead man, Leon Williams, was found in his third-floor apartment."
"The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7, bouncing back from a one-month contraction in March at 47.9."
"In the first half of this year, the company lost $56.7 million."
"Because the companies described the talks as exclusive, it's likely they signed an agreement saying Dynegy wouldn't talk to other suitors for a certain period."
"In 2001, President Bush named her to the Student Loan Marketing Association, the largest U.S. lender for students."
"However, a Fort Campbell spokesman, said that Akbar had ""an attitude problem."""
"What she told our investigators was that all the babies were born full-term and then died within hours, Hughes said."
"Intel spokesman Daniel Francisco said the company ""is looking into the problem"" identified by Nortel, but he declined to provide any details."
The letter said staff was told to never speak of the incident.
Microsoft on Thursday agreed to pay AOL Time Warner $750 million to settle AOL Time Warner's private monopoly lawsuit against Microsoft.
"The girls, ages 16 and 18, were ticketed for underage drinking along with three of the cadets."
"But he added: ""The only thing I know for certain is that these are bad people."""
"The Intel C++ Compiler for Platform Builder for Microsoft Windows CE.Net is available for $1,499 and is intended for use by device manufacturers and systems integrators."
"Ironically, Cablevision will be footing the bill for YES' lawsuit against Time Warner Cable."
"Sen. Ron Wyden, D-Ore., said the ""idea of a federal betting parlor on atrocities and terrorism is ridiculous and grotesque,"" WBAL reported."
"At the very long end, the 30-year bond US30YT=RR lost 2/32 for a yield of 4.41 percent."
"Schering-Plough shares fell 3.8 percent, or 72 cents, to close at $18.34 in trading Monday on the New York Stock Exchange."
"Extra guidance on countering suicide bombers is now being given to officers in London, and will be extended to other forces next month."
"The global death toll from SARS was at least 767, with more than 8,300 people sickened since the virus first appeared in southern China in November."
"U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman, who announced yesterday's ban, also said Washington would send a technical team to Canada to assist in the Canadian situation."
The Syrian government has had no public reaction to the clash.
Only Intel Corp. has a lower dividend yield.
Scotland Yard said in a statement it had charged a 46-year-old man and two women aged 27 and 35 with failing to disclose information about acts of terrorism.
"Powell's version made it seem more sinister when he said an officer on the tape ordered that the area be ""cleared out."""
The EU's agriculture representative in Washington said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is wrapping up talks on agricultural reform.
"No tumors were detected; rather, empty cavities and scar tissue were found in their place."
"According to the State Department list, about 25 nations have signed bilateral agreements in the past four months, about half in the past three weeks."
"Agents described Carlow, 50, as a ""major player'' who organized a network of associates operating in as many as a dozen states."
Workers cleaning up a postal distribution center where four letters laced with anthrax had passed through two years ago planned to complete the fumigation operation early Sunday.
Australia's 9 million income taxpayers received surprise tax cuts of between $3 and $11 a week from Treasurer Peter Costello last night.
"The Nasdaq composite held on to the slimmest of gains, up 4.64 at 1,735.34."
"Thanks to Avalon, Longhorn will support new styles of user interfaces and user interface elements."
"A member of the rap group So Solid Crew threw away a loaded gun during a police chase, Southwark Crown Court was told yesterday."
Philadelphia's council is not the first to defy the national policy.
"Both shooting victims were rushed to Brookdale University Hospital Medical Center, where they died a short time later."
He said about 40 people attended the traditional Jewish ceremony colored by some nontraditional touches.
"China's foreign ministry said: ""We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue."""
Parker said Moore's lawyers were reviewing the complaint and would respond Monday.
"In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 121.51, or 1.4 percent, at 8,832.69."
The Pentagon insists the technique has successfully predicted elections and even box office receipts.
"The news comes after Drax's American owner, AES Corp. AES.N , last week walked away from the plant after banks and bondholders refused to accept its restructuring offer."
"About 38,000 OGE Energy Corp. customers are without power, the company said on its Web site."
"Dynes will be paid $395,000 a year; Atkinson's salary is $361,400."
"Brigitte's maternal aunt said his family was unaware he had been sent to prison, or that he had remarried in Sydney."
"Ms Stewart, 61, its chief executive officer and chairwoman, did not attend."
"Authorities picked up Dotson on July 21 after he called 911, saying he needed help because he was hearing voices, authorities said."
Ontario Premier Ernie Eves announced yesterday that a former judge would conduct an independent investigation of how the province and city handled SARS.
"The $130 million cleanup included new carpet, electrical wiring and bathrooms."
"My judgement is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know."
The worst affected area was South Kyeongsang province where at least 15 people drowned and roads were swept away in mud sides.
"In math, 16 percent of elementary and middle school students and 9.6 percent of high school students must be proficient."
"Sen. Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.), a supporter of Boxer's bill, sent a letter to President Bush on Wednesday demanding action on the legislation."
"Selenski's partner in the Friday jailbreak, Scott Bolton, was injured in the escape and hospitalized."
"According to the company filings, the investigation ""appears to be focused on certain accounting practices common to the interactive entertainment industry, with specific emphasis on revenue recognition."""
"Peterson, 30, was arrested in La Jolla April 18 after the two bodies were identified through DNA tests."
"Employers accused of workplace discrimination now are considered guilty until they can prove themselves innocent.
1	3068989	3068932	The formula for its baby food is prepared by the German-owned Humana Milchunion.	The formula is produced for Remedia by German company Humana Milchunion.
1	2202632	2202780	Nearly one in 10 people have a gene mutation that can raise their risk of cancer by a quarter or more, U.S. researchers reported on Thursday.	Nearly one in 10 people have a gene mutation that can raise their risk of cancer by 25 percent or more, US researchers reported yesterday.
1	3046212	3046273	The findings are published in the November 6 edition of the journal Nature.	Both studies are published on Thursday in Nature, the British weekly science journal.
0	1559085	1559178	The man wasn't on the ice, but trapped in the rapids, swaying in an eddy about 250 feet from the shore.	The man was trapped about 250 feet from the shore, right at the edge of the falls.
0	1805630	1805435	Texas Instruments climbed $1.37 to $19.25 yesterday and Novellus Systems Inc. advanced $1.76 to $36.31.	Texas Instruments climbed $US1.37 to $US19.25 and Novellus Systems advanced $US1.76 to $US36.31, each having been raised to overweight"" by Lehman."
"In the total external disk storage system market, McArthur said revenue increased 1.5 percent year-over-year in Q3 to $3.2 billion."
"Stock futures were trading lower early on Thursday, below fair value, pointing to a lower open."
"We believe KBR delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms, Halliburton spokeswoman Wendy Hall said."
"Four Harvey Milk High School students who dressed as women were arrested yesterday for robbing men in the West Village - and pretending to be police officers, sources said."
"It also predicted that a 7.0 per cent rise to $204.9bn in 2006, topping the industry's yearly sales record set in 2000."
"That compares with a profit of $446 million, or seven cents per share, on revenue of $6.32 billion in the same period last year."
Kline's legal opinion differs from the interpretation issued by former Attorney General Bob Stephan in 1992.
"All four are expected to appear in court Tuesday or Wednesday, he said."
"Senator John D. Rockefeller IV, Democrat of West Virginia, said that provision of the Senate bill undermined a basic tenet of Medicare."
"The two cases were from the University of Michigan, one involving undergraduate admissions and the other, law school admissions."
British Airways plans to retire its seven Concordes at the end of October.
"O'Brien's attorney, Jordan Green, declined to comment."
There are just a handful of Catholics left in Banja Luka.
"The technique is used during the second and, occasionally, third trimester of pregnancy."
Last month Intel raised its revenue guidance for the quarter to between $7.6 billion and $7.8 billion.
"Two years ago, the House passed a similar version that floundered in the Senate."
"He said the court's ruling was a great first step toward better coverage for poor Maine residents, but that there was more to be done."
"Those numbers showed the U.S. economy shed another 48,000 jobs in April, while the jobless rate jumped to 6 per cent."
Memories also live on of a bloody debacle in Somalia a decade ago -- the last major U.S. military involvement in Africa.
"Robinson's election was hailed in some quarters as a major breakthrough for gay rights, but condemned by others as a ""rebellion against God's created order."""
He and a colleague created the articular condyle using stem cells taken from the bone marrow of rats.
The SEC specifically advised IBM that this is a fact-finding investigation and that it has not reached any conclusions related to this matter.
New Jersey was one of eleven states that asked a federal appeals court Thursday to force the Environmental Protection Agency to regulate greenhouse gas emissions.
"The men had Pakistani passports and reportedly were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening, law enforcement sources said."
"Civil liberties groups filed suit, and U.S. District Judge Myron Thompson ordered the monument moved last October, calling it an unconstitutional promotion of religion by government."
"The µGuru microcontroller serves four functions: hardware monitoring, overclocking management, BIOS update and a troubleshooting-assistance feature called Black Box."
"Realizing this, the pilot changed course and diverted to Kennedy, which has longer runways."
"Leading Democratic candidates are former state and national Democratic Chairman Joe Andrew and State Sen. Vi Simpson, Ellettsville."
"Only about one-third of parents of sexually experienced 14-year-olds know that their child has had sex,"" the report says."
"Twenty-seven people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of Saint Sophia Camp, a Greek Orthodox facility, when the mudslide roared through."
"We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States, Moqtada al-Sadr said."
Qantas yesterday issued its second profit downgrade in six weeks and warned of more job cuts as the continuing affect of the SARS scourge took its toll on passenger demand.
"Ellison said that contrary to the contentions of PeopleSoft management, Oracle intends to ""fully support PeopleSoft customers and products"" for many years to come."
"US manufacturing grew for the third consecutive month in September, but at a slower rate than in previous months, according to a survey released Wednesday."
"According to the GBI, Ms. Peeler and Mr. Jones were never legally married but had a common-law marriage."
"OS ANGELES Walt Disney Concert Hall, the new home of the Los Angeles Philharmonic, is a French curve in a city of T squares."
"Under a deal with General Electric's NBC, Vivendi's film and TV business would merge with NBC's broadcast network, Spanish- language network and cable channels including CNBC and Bravo."
"The PRC epidemic began in Guandong province in November, but the Communist Party government refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months."
"These are not solely American principles nor are they exclusively Western, Rumsfeld said."
"E Ink is one of several groups trying to develop electronic ""paper"" for e-newspapers and e-books, and other uses - even clothing with computer screens sewn into it."
Scientists are working to determine how exactly how acrylamide is formed in food.
"Another soldier drowned after diving into an aqueduct in northern Iraq, the Central Command said."
"Wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at Beacon Hill totaled more than $3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002, Morgenthau said."
Tim Hortons' same-store sales in Canada rose by 6.7 per cent.
The 5 a.m. blast occurred in the city's Al Bayaa district.
"Each hull produced by the yards will cost about $1.4 billion, and the completed submarines will cost about $2.2 billion each, Young said."
"As the holiday shopping season peaks, industry experts predict the coming week could make or break Christmas 2003 for many retailers."
"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attack, said Barbara Comstock, Justice Department spokeswoman."
"Police said on Monday they believed Cruz knew of the fourth-grade girl through one of her former schoolmates, although neither the girl nor her family knew him."
"Disney spokeswoman Rena Callahan said the ""safety and enjoyment"" of its guests were the only reasons the company wanted the no-fly zones, and wants them kept in place."
The findings are published in today's edition of the journal Nature Medicine.
"Through Sunday, Sept. 21, Site Finder has been visited over 65 million times by Internet users."
"Iran should be on notice that attempts to remake Iraq in Iran's image will be aggressively put down, he said."
"In neighboring Turkey, Iraqi, U.S. and Turkish officials gathered at the Mediterranean port of Ceyhan for a ceremony launching the shipment."
Malvo was in the courtroom for about two minutes yesterday to allow a prosecution witness to identify him.
"To replace Oracle 11.9 with PeopleSoft--that would be a move that makes sense."""
Scholars in medical ethics have said the notion of medicating people to improve their mental health to the point where they may be executed can present formidable obstacles for doctors.
There will be no vote on the issue but those opposed to Robinson's appointment are thought to be in the majority.
"If you pass this bill, Rep. John Mabry Jr., D-Waco, told colleagues, ""Big Brother will be watching you."""
"Academic achievement -- including grades, test scores and high school curriculum -- are given the highest priority."
The new company will be named Interwoven and will be headquartered in Sunnyvale.
"Even into his 90s, Lacy worked to change the game of baseball."
"Since it was launched Monday, the SiteFinder service has drawn widespread criticism from Internet users who complain that VeriSign has overstepped its authority."
A Stage 1 episode is declared when ozone levels reach 0.20 parts per million.
"We need the somebody who notices them to come forward, he said at a news conference in which he introduced his successor, Brig. Gen. Mastin M. Robeson."
"For us, that doesn't make a difference - the sexual orientation, Archbishop Tutu said in the black urban centre of Soweto."
"We believe that recent trading prices of MGM's common stock do not reflect MGM's full value and that the stock represents an attractive investment, Kerkorian said in a statement."
Tonight a spokesman for the Russian Foreign Ministry said it might issue a statement on Thursday clarifying Russia's position on aiding Iran's nuclear-energy efforts.
"In a statement, the ECB said the outlook for price stability over the medium term had ""improved significantly"" since its last decision to lower interest rates in March."
The church already was grieving for the death of a congregation member who was killed in another helicopter crash in Iraq on Nov. 7.
"The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 6.48 points, or 0.66 percent, to 990.51."
The ambassador said it was up to the Americans to press the Iraqi council to make the invitation - a move he said the United States appears unwilling to make.
"The offer is also subject to Goldman signing an agreement with Drax's senior banks, senior bond holders and hedging banks by Sept. 30, it said."
"Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the team at New Mexico for temper tantrums, became a born-again Christian in June 2002."""
"The U.S. steel tariffs, which Bush imposed in March 2002, were to officially end at midnight Thursday (0500 GMT), instead of March 2005 as initially planned."
The Securities and Exchange Commission announced that Robert Korkuc was expected to plead guilty Thursday in federal court on Long Island to securities fraud charges.
"The boys are expected to surrender voluntarily to Pennsylvania authorities within the next several days, Zimmer said."
"Against the Japanese currency, the euro was at 136.06 yen compared with the late New York level of 136.03/14."
"Moose's book goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the sniper shootings started in the Washington area."
"Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer, who identified himself only as ""Eleonora[67],"" to extend the contest until 3 p.m. Arizona time Sunday."
"I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic, Health Minister Jean-Francois Mattei said on France Inter radio."
"I am being forced into exile by the world's superpower, Taylor said in an address videotaped at his home."
"Against the Canadian dollar, the greenback rose 0.15 percent to $1.3260 <CAD=> as the Bank of Canada kept key interest rates unchanged."
"From now onwards we will embark on rolling mass action at strategic times of our choice and without any warning to the dictatorship, he said."
The downtime is expected to take 60 million to 70 million board feet out of the companys system.
"As is the case with all appointees, Commissioner Anson is accountable to me, Rowland said."
"PowderJect's strong U.S. position will complement Chiron's European presence, analysts said."
"Contribute 2 costs 69 for an individual license, the same as the existing version."
"Judge Harold Baer concluded Wednesday that lawyers for two victims ""have shown, albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaida."""
"The Rev. Christopher J. Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, wouldn't comment Friday."
"The Yankees selected Eric Duncan, a third baseman from Seton Hall Prep in New Jersey, with the 27th pick."
"At issue in yesterday's case is a Washington state scholarship program that helps high-achieving students pay for studies in fields such as business or engineering, but not theology."
"A female colleague, 25, was slashed across the face as the man continued to try to reach the front of the plane."
The charges of espionage and aiding the enemy can carry the death penalty.
Mrs Clinton said her husband action's were morally wrong but did not constitute a public betrayal.
"As of Monday, there were 66 probable cases in and around Toronto, a city of 4 million people."
"By the time that Reagan left office in 1989, the Navy had nearly 600 ships - about twice the number that it has today."
"The S3C2440 has a built-in NAND flash boot loader, for example, so that high-density NAND flash memory can be installed without an additional support chip."
He said some issues - including division alignments - will be resolved if the conference expands.
"Security analysts said the new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a ""high level"" outbreak status by mid-afternoon on Monday."
He and Zilkha believed that only a new board would have had the credibility to restore El Paso to health.
"The outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome, wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and economic uncertainty in Europe and America have depressed air travel."
"As temperatures soar above 120 Fahrenheit in Basra, fridges and air conditioners have stuttered to a halt."
"In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 121.51, or 1.4 percent, at 8,832.69."
He added that genes on the Y might play a role in influencing gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
The dollar was helped on Friday by talk of yen-selling intervention by Japanese authorities on Thursday and Friday.
"There's very strong interest in getting money back to the ratepayers as quickly as possible, Commissioner Susan Kennedy said."
"LBANY, Aug. 8 Joseph L. Bruno, the State Senate majority leader, announced today that he had prostate cancer."
A restaurant worker was sentenced to 30 years in prison Tuesday for the sexual assault and strangling of a sixth-grade girl he met in an Internet chat room.
"Started on Christmas Day in 1931 with Humperdinck's ""Hansel and Gretel,"" the Met matinee broadcasts have introduced opera to millions of people around the world."
"Progress Software Corp. is acquiring DataDirect Technologies Ltd., a privately held supplier of data-access software, for approximately $88 million, the companies said Friday."
Belcher said the airport's conference room was serving as a makeshift shelter for several area families who hiked up the wooded hillside in advance of rising water.
The production index rose to 52.9 percent from 51.5 percent in May.
"To watch pay television, consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by their cable service."
"She had only a single condition, that the book not be published until after her death."
"The panel told the U.S. to correct its flawed determination, Mr. Pettigrew said in a statement."
"Sir Wilfred Thesiger, writer, explorer and chronicler of the world's vanishing ways of life, has died at age 93."
The Future Concepts and Surface Ship Design Group is the Naval Sea Systems Command’s technical authority for all surface ship design and engineering.
"Spike Lee no longer believes that Viacom deliberately intended to trade on his name by calling its own venture ""Spike TV,"" according to a statement read in court Tuesday."
"The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gained 13.73 points, or 0.81 percent, to finish at 1,700.34."
"Designed to compete with Microsoft Corp., Project Mad Hatter is being positioned by Sun as a cheaper, secure alternative desktop operating system to Microsoft's various desktop offerings."
"He worked out how to get through the bone with his ``multi-tool''-type knife, made duller by futile attempts to chip away at the rock."
"It is so far out in international water that the finder Odyssey Marine Exploration, of Tampa, Fla., does not have to share the wealth with any governments."
Authorities interviewed O'Dell in Pennsylvania over the weekend after identifying her through records at Customer Storage Rentals.
"The risk is doubled for people with two copies of the mutated gene, the researchers said."
"He may not have been there, said a defence official speaking on condition of anonymity."
"The bomb exploded in Helmand Province aboard a bus headed for the provincial capital, Lashkar Gah, according to wire reports."
Parson faces one federal count of intentionally causing damage to a protected computer.
"Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery, her personal physician said Friday."
"Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst suggested a political motive for the report, saying: ""It sounds like the Republican primary started early this year."""
Greg Parseghian was appointed the new chief executive.
"Shaul Mofaz, Israel's Defence Minister, raised the prospect of a ground offensive into the Gaza Strip, in addition to a growing air campaign to assassinate Hamas militants."
"A law enforcement source in Palm Beach County, where Limbaugh owns a $24 million oceanfront mansion, said last week that Limbaugh's drug use is still under investigation."
The results are to be published in Wednesday's issue of The Journal of the American Medical Association.
"Mr Blix said: ""I don't know exactly how they calculated this figure of 45 minutes in the dossier."
"After the French threatened to open fire, the battlewagon turned back."
"Our policies are well known and I'm not aware of any changes, Secretary of State Colin Powell said Tuesday."
October heating oil ended down 0.41 cent to 70.74 cents a gallon.
"The player's eyes were bloodshot and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 - well above Tennessee's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10, the report said."
"On June 10, the ship's owners had published an advertisement on the Internet, offering the explosives for sale."
"My judgment is 95 percent of that information could be declassified, become uncensored so the American people would know,"" Mr. Shelby said on NBC's ""Meet the Press."""
"Allied forces have defeated Saddam's military, moved into his palaces and started to patrol Baghdad."
"It also unveiled an update to its Windows Server 2003 operating system, which is tuned specifically for storage devices."
"Another shooting linked to the spree occurred Nov. 11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway."
The federal agency has been investigating whether several energy companies manipulated energy markets by reporting false natural gas trading prices to industry publications.
"Telemarketing Associates, hired by VietNow, raised $7.1 million from 1987 to 1995."
Toronto Police Chief Julian Fantino said Friday morning that an arrest has been made in the slaying of local girl Holly Jones.
Cuban officials said that last year none of about two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas in time to attend the Latin Grammys.
"But he urged the delegates who elected him to be ""kind and sensitive and gentle"" to believers who ""will not understand what you've done here today."""
Justice Minister Martin Cauchon and Prime Minister Jean Chretien both have said the government will introduce legislation to decriminalize possession of small amounts of pot.
"Directed by Gibson, the reported $25 million production stars Jim Caviezel as Jesus and Monica Bellucci as Mary Magdalene."
"Drax’s troubles began late last year when it lost its most lucrative sales contract, with the insolvent utility TXU Europe."
"Mortgage rates around the country fell again this week, the ninth time this year rates have hit an all-time low."
"Of the 1.1 million infected in south Asia, 62% are female."
The stock had risen 44 cents in the past four trading sessions.
"Last year, he ran a successful proposition campaign to secure state funding for after-school programs."
"Many of the changes are improvements to the original plan, Libeskind said."
"This sale is part of our efforts to simplify our Foodservice Products business and improve its cost structure, chairman and CEO Gary Costley said in a statement."
Port authorities in Romania said two ships that sank during World War II but resurfaced due to low water levels could block river traffic.
"Law enforcement officials confirmed that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County, Fla., state attorney's office."
"Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, surrendered in June; his deputy was killed in a shoot-out with Saudi forces recently."
"The Bank of England ""requires growth from elsewhere in the economy and needs the economy to rebalance,"" he told the Press Association news agency."
"I go to their website and start complaining to them, would you please, please, please stop bothering me, Mr. Booher told a reporter."
"Sarah Weddington, the abortion advocate and lawyer who originally represented McCorvey, did not immediately return a call seeking comment."
The board is investigating whether this compromised safety on the shuttle.
Britain included the accusation in a September 2002 dossier setting out the case for war in Iraq.
"He also told investigators that when he was in his mid-teens, he stabbed a 6-year-old boy for no apparent reason."
The case marks the court's second major separation of church and state case in two years.
"FirstEnergy Corp. should have determined that modernizing one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions, U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled Thursday."
"Quattrone, 47, is charged with obstruction of justice and witness tampering."
Helicopters hovered throughout the day over the Al-Khalidiya neighborhood where the raid took place.
"This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyberassets so that we may best protect the nation's critical infrastructure assets, he added."
"Under the program, US officials work with foreign port authorities to seek out high-risk cargo before it can reach the United States."
He has said he plans to urge Chinese officials during the G20 meeting to move more quickly to adopt a more flexible currency system.
"Among them are conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries."
Bombardier's class B shares were up 13 Canadian cents or 3.2 percent at C$3.93 on the Toronto Stock Exchange late Monday morning.
"Chad Kolton, emergency management spokesman with the Department of Homeland Security, said the government is open to new ways to communicate."
"Jews, Americans and their allies had ""evil"" plans to colonise nations like Indonesia, Amrozi said."
It fell steadily until it dropped as low as $2.93 billion in 1998 and rose gradually to $3.27 billion for fiscal 2002.
"Coca-Cola's shares were steady in late morning trading in New York, down just 13 cents to $43.88."
"Shareholders will get 0.86 PeopleSoft share, or $13.11, for each J.D. Edwards share, based on recent trading prices."
That would clear the way for debate in the full Senate beginning on Monday.
"He had been in protective custody since being transferred to Souza-Baranowski in April, officials said."
Mascia-Frye oversees European operations for the West Virginia Development Office.
"Responding, Edward Skyler, a spokesman for the mayor, said later: ""The comptroller's statements, while noteworthy for their sensationalism, bear no relation to the facts."
Analysts were expecting a profit of 30 cents a share for the third quarter and $1.31 a share for the full year.
"Based on that review, I have concluded that CEO and President Greg Parseghian and General Counsel Maud Mater should be replaced,"" Falcon said."
Their findings were published Monday in Circulation: The Journal of the American Heart Association.
"Still, the scientists said, a third of those taking it would benefit, gaining an average of 11 years free of cardiovascular disease."
"Joan B. Kroc, the billionaire widow of McDonald's founder Ray Kroc known for her philanthropy, died Sunday of brain cancer."
Parsons held engineering management positions at three space centers before being named director of the Stennis center last August.
"Electrons come down from the polysilicon emitter, accelerate through the SiGe base and make a turn in the SOI layer towards the collector contact electrode, the company said."
Penn Traffic entered chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization May 30.
"Of all personal vehicles, 57 percent are cars or station wagons, 21 percent are vans or sport utility vehicles and 19 percent are light trucks."
Sir Richard was speaking after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.
"Antetonitrus was brontosaurus' older brother, hence the name."
"Law enforcement officials confirmed that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County, Fla., state attorney's office."
"Waksal pleaded guilty to insider trading charges last year, and he is scheduled to be sentenced June 10."
They weighed an average 100 kilograms and needed to lose between 14 and 36 kilograms.
"Malvo's lawyers have presented an insanity defense, saying brainwashing by convicted sniper John Allen Muhammad left Malvo incapable of knowing right from wrong."
The World Health Organization and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in the United States have sent a team to investigate.
Daniels told the Star April 20 he was holding back because of concerns over the budget process in Washington and the war in Iraq.
"The Hulk took in $62.6 million at the box office, a monster opening and a new June record."
"Evidence suggests two victims were taken by surprise, while the others may have tried to flee or perhaps defend themselves or their friends, police said."
"Emergency crews said no passenger was ejected, but some were thrown partly out of the open side of the bus."
"Nelson, 27, is being retried on civil rights charges stemming from the disturbance that led to Rosenbaum's death."
"Seven 20- and 21-year-old male cadets were caught in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two female teens, 16 and 18 years."
Winners will be announced in a June 8 ceremony broadcast on CBS from Radio City Music Hall.
"This deal makes sense for both companies, Halla said in a prepared statement."
"Waksal, who pleaded guilty to securities fraud charges, recently began serving a prison sentence of more than seven years."
"Volodymyr Gorbanovsky, deputy general director of the plane's owners, Mediterranean Airlines, said initial information indicated it had veered from its flight path because of fog."
"I carried 100 percent of the votes in San Jose - of all the Austrian-born body builders, Schwarzenegger quipped."
He has credited Dr. Evans with helping to inspire the idea of federal financing for faith-based programs.
But the deal must get approval from the Federal Communications Commission and the Justice Department's antitrust division.
Reed said board members can't defend themselves by saying they didn't realize the size of Grasso's package.
Loyalists are also believed to be behind attacks on oil pipelines and fields that are crucial to Iraq's economic recovery.
"But under cross-examination by O'Donnell's attorney, Lorna Schofield, Toepfer conceded she had ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects."
"The battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, military officials told The Associated Press."
"Mr Williams added that the Government had made it ""very plain"" to the US it did not support the death penalty for Hicks."
The move came just hours after the company's Chief Executive Officer Phil Condit resigned.
"Worldwide, Les Misérables has been seen by over 50 million people, with a total gross of over $2 billion."
"Small-business customers paying between $1,200 and $3,200 a year would save between $60 and $120 per year, the commission estimated."
"Federal investigators are looking for possible connections between the theft of 1,100 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week."
"THE US government and private technology experts have warned that hackers plan to attack thousands of websites on Sunday in a loosely co-ordinated ""contest"" that could disrupt Internet traffic."
Tehran has made clear it will only sign the Additional Protocol introducing such inspections if a ban on the import of civilian Western nuclear technology is lifted.
"When a manager let him into the apartment, the youngster was lying in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and was watching a TV cartoon channel."
"Attackers detonated a second roadside bomb later yesterday as a U.S. convoy was travelling near Falluja, just west of Baghdad, killing an U.S. soldier and wounding three others."
The Texas house requires 100 of its 150 members to present in order to conduct business.
"The House has passed bills the past two Congresses, but the Senate has not."
"I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately, he said."
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately have an official response to Tuesday's ruling.
The company will offer songs for 99 cents and albums for $9.95.
"Furthermore, with the target funds rate at 1 per cent, substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted, he said."
"From Justin to Kelly, a romance starring American Idol winner Kelly Clarkson and runnerup Justin Guarini, opened at No. 11 with $2.9-million."
"Accusations of improper activity are as false today as when the Democrats first made them."""
The OneNote note-taking tool is listed at $273 while the InfoPath XML data gathering application is priced at $289.
"McKevitt is a terrorist, a man who has the blood of innocent people on his hands."""
"Jane Doe, deciding to fight the subpoena, asked Verizon to withhold her name."
"The researchers believe the same is true in humans, translating to a 30 per cent greater risk of the disease."
Wall Street is debating whether the central bank will say risks are tilted toward weakness or balanced with inflation.
"They were just making sure they dotted all the I's and crossed all the T's,"" said Blair Schoof, executive director of music for AOL Europe."
"Prosecutors said there is no question Waagner was behind the letters, which were sent at the same time that real anthrax attacks were killing people in 2001."
"The missing workers, two men and a woman, were inside the building when the first blast occurred, Mayor Joe T. Parker said."
"Junya Tanase, forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase, said ""I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply."""
Legal experts say the case may mark the first time a parent has been convicted of contributing to a child's suicide.
"Kline's opinion dealt specifically with abortion providers, but later his office said it also would apply to doctors providing services such as prenatal care to pregnant girls under 16."
"Prime Minister Abbas, we are facing a new opportunity today, a better future for both peoples, Mr Sharon said."
"Most of that – $US51 billion – was for American troops in Iraq, while another $US10 billion was for US forces in Afghanistan."
We have sent a new message out to the nation — that this is a new Louisiana.
The company is also testing its cancer drug Rituxan for use by rheumatoid arthritis patients.
"The new processor was unveiled at the Intel Developer Forum 2003 in San Jose, Calif."
"But those tiny gains weren't nearly enough to offset the loss of nearly 62,000 jobs in the Santa Clara County-San Francisco areas."
"Plants still must abide by state and federal air-pollution laws, so there won't necessarily be any increase in pollution, the administration argues."
"Italian police investigating the Prodi bomb suspect an anarchist group that claimed responsibility for Dec. 21 explosions near his house, according to Italian news agency ANSA."
"Moments later, he hugged his defense lawyers, softly saying, ""Thank you, so much."""
Gibson said in a June statement that he and his film are not anti-Semitic.
"Microsoft officials presented ""several options"" it is considering, the W3C posting said."
The verdict means Nelson faces up to 10 years in prison rather than a possible life sentence.
Plaintiffs' attorneys would get $4.1 million of the settlement.
"That wasn't all: by 2010, Mr. O'Neill said, he hoped Hyundai would sell 1 million vehicles annually in the United States."
The two filed a suit in 1998 and allege they were never warned by IBM's staff doctors that their symptoms could reflect chemical poisoning.
"The results appear in the January issue of Cancer, an American Cancer Society (news - web sites) journal, being published online Monday."
"If convicted under the new law, Zuccarini faces a maximum of four years in prison and a $250,000 fine."
A European Commission initiative has issued guidelines to member governments on how to migrate to open source software on both servers and desktops.
"According to WWF, a further 13,000 individuals are estimated to be caught around the Straits of Gibraltar and in neighboring zones."
"And the swagger of a president saying `bring `em on' will never bring peace,"" Kerry said."
"The outbreak seems to have begun with one of the roommates, a transfer from Taipei's Jen Chi Hospital."
"Tampering with medicine apparently was so lucrative, investigators said, that many of the suspects lived in million-dollar homes."
"Now, for the first time, those without Internet access can sign up by phone by making a single toll-free call to (888) 382-1222."
Stewart waved to courtroom sketch artists seated in the jury box and took notes in a spiral-bound notebook during the hearing.
"Stephen King, master of the horror story and e-book pioneer, is receiving this year's medal for Distinguished Contributions to American Letters from the National Book Foundation."
More than 100 officers launched the London raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine and money laundering ring.
"That fire devastated the reservation, a nearby national forest and several communities, burning 469,000 acres and destroying 491 homes."
"Lower courts have splintered on the issue, allowing depictions of the Ten Commandments in some instances and not in others."
"Sandy Mitchell, 44, from Kirkintilloch, Glasgow, and William Sampson, a British citizen born in Glasgow, face beheading in public."
But the officials later revised the numbers and said about 250 had been arrested at some 60 stores.
"We can't change the past, but we can do a lot about the future, Sheehan said hours after arriving in Phoenix."
"Testing at a Massachusetts State Police lab and a private Virginia lab has not been able to determine whether the swimsuit belonged to Bish, Conte said yesterday."
"On Monday, Putnam said chief executive Lawrence J. Lasser had resigned."
"He added: ""Let the process be put in place that will ensure a smooth transition from war to peace."
"The chief merchandising officer decides what the store is going to sell, giving it that signature that draws in shoppers and brings them back again and again."
"A nationally known computer hacker is being sought on a federal arrest warrant stemming from a sealed complaint in New York, a federal defender in California said Friday."
"Two additional passengers were taken to John Peter Smith and Harris Methodist hospitals, both with what was described as critical injuries."
"Mr Levine said she had been offered $400,000 to tell her story to an Australian TV network."
"If the MTA's appeal is successful, the $2 bus and subway base fare won't change."
"Turkish troops almost surely would become targets for terrorists, the ambassador said."
"The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> was up 40.09 points, or 2.46 percent, at 1,666.58, marking its highest close since May 23, 2002."
He said investigators have not ruled out the possibility that more than one person was behind the poisonings.
"While JI has undoubted links with the terrorist group al-Qaeda, the report says the relationship ""may be less one of subservience . . . than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance""."
"If convicted, Parson faces up to 10 years in federal prison and a fine of up to $250,000."
"These allegations are completely out of character of the Kobe Bryant we know, Lakers general manager Mitch Kupchak said."
Independent US programmer Bill Zeller has developed software that lets users download shared music files using iTunes for Windows.
"O'Connor wrote, ""We expect that 25 years from now, the use of racial preferences will no longer be necessary."""
Martha Stewart is not being prosecuted for who she is but for what she did.
"Microsoft posted sales of $8.1 billion, up from $7.3 billion a year ago and ahead of analysts' estimates of $7.9 billion."
The FBI said at least 7000 computers were infected by Parson's software.
"It went on: ""I picked prostitutes as my victims because I hated most prostitutes and I did not want to pay them for sex."
"This case represents an important opportunity to put a halt to a national effort aimed at removing any religious phrase or reference from our culture, Sekulow said."
"Those systems typically combine institutional and community care and are paid for with combinations of state, federal and private money."
Dealers said the euro's downward momentum may pick up speed should it break below $1.15.
"IBM shares closed up $1.75, or 2.11 percent, at $84.50 on the New York Stock Exchange."
Pauley also announced Thursday that she has struck a deal with Random House to pen two books.
"And he justified bombing Bali by saying that while it had caused material devastation, it was for the island's long-term moral good."
"A further 10 million shares were transferred to a charitable trust, after which they were also sold."
"In winter, Terrapin Point is transformed into a treacherous embankment of ice and snow that blankets everything -- the park, the railings, even the lampposts."
This fall the command will send trainers to work with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and gathering intelligence.
Fed policy-makers last week signaled they are prepared to cut that rate to ward off even the threat of deflation.
"The only other JI member to reveal similar information is Omar al Faruq, now held by the United States at a secret location."
"Taupo had been leading Mr Kibblewhite, 62, of Rotorua, on a three-day walk with a tramping party of eight."
"Based on having at least one of these symptoms, most students were hung over between three and 11 times in the past year."
"He was taken to Hammersmith hospital, where doctors regulated Blair's heart beat via electric shock in a procedure called ""cardio-version""."
"Less than a mile away, across a river, St. Joseph features trendy restaurants, boutiques, offices and a picturesque beach front."
"The 14-year-old national spelling finalist who attends school in Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like ""zistee"" during competition Wednesday."
"Mr. Muhammad, 42, and 18-year-old Lee Boyd Malvo, who goes on trial separately Nov. 10, were arrested Oct. 24, 2002, at a Maryland highway rest stop."
The survey which uncovered the star only covered a narrow slice of the sky.
"Upscale department store chain Nordstrom Inc. JWN.N jumped $1.49, or 9.4 percent, to $17.35."
"In a joint statement, the companies said that as a result of the license agreement, TI will not be changing its prices."
"Wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at Beacon Hill totaled more than $3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002, Morgenthau said."
"We are very pleased that the court dismissed the vast majority of the plaintiff's claims, said Coke spokesman Ben Deutsch."
"The natural gas producer and marketer said the inaccurate reporting was discovered in response to a subpoena from the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or CFTC."
"To have people say that we did this for the money is foolish and dead wrong, Raymond Jackson said through the pastor."
"She continued: ""Our research neither suggests nor indicates that PCO/PCOS causes lesbianism, only that PCO/PCOS is more prevalent in lesbian women."
"There are no plans to build permanent U.S. bases in Africa, Defense Department officials say."
MDC spokesperson Paul Themba Nyathi said the Avenues Clinic was targeted because it was handling opposition supporters.
"Ciobanu could face up to 15 years in prison under a new law in Romania, according to BitDefender's Web site."
"Elwin Hermanson and the Sask. Party would put the future of our Crown corporations - and our economy - at risk."""
"Physicians who perform the procedure would face up to two years in prison, under the bill."
"As many as 1,200 students at Wheaton College will gather in the gym Friday night for the first real dance in the Christian school's 143-year history."
"The U.S. women, who are defending champions, will play on Sept. 25 in Philadelphia and conclude group competition on Sept. 28 in Columbus, Ohio."
"Judge Craig Doran said he couldn't determine if Hovan was ""an evil man"" but said he ""has committed an evil act."""
WALL St regained a positive track today following news that two of Saddam Hussein's sons were among four Iraqis killed in a US raid in northern Iraq.
"Cuomo's lawyer, Harriet Newman Cohen, said in a statement that he ""was betrayed and saddened by his wife's conduct during their marriage."""
U.S. Capitol Police Chief Terrance Gainer said ``two staff members bringing in Halloween costumes'' were responsible.
U.S. law enforcement officials are sneering at Dar Heatherington's version of of the events -- including a police conspiracy to discredit her -- which thrust her into the public spotlight.
"An estimated $250,000 worth of jewelry belonging to the hip-hop performer was recovered Friday at Kennedy Airport, where it had disappeared June 20."
"Many of the affected countries, such as Colombia and Ecuador, are considered critical to the administration's efforts to bring stability to this hemisphere."
The purpose of the hearing is to determine whether Akbar should be court-martialled.
The foreign bits are recognized by other cells that realize it is infected and kill it.
"There is, however, no photograph of Dr Hollingworth in the June issue of the magazine examined by The Age yesterday."
"The state will consider the police memorial after planning is completed on another memorial to all the victims, said Micah Rasmussen, a spokesman for Gov. James E. McGreevey."
"The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI added 38 points, or 0.42 percent, to 9,165."
"Like the Power4, the Power5 contains two processor cores on one chip."
"It will theoretically be able to transfer data at a rate of up to 20 megabytes per second under optimal conditions, according to Sony."
Tens of thousands of demonstrators gathered yesterday evening to stand before this city's legislature building and call for free elections and the resignation of Hong Kong's leader.
"At one point in the chain, a wholesaler would sell the questionable drugs to one of three huge national companies that supply virtually all drugs in this country."
McCloskey died Sunday afternoon in his home after a year-long battle with bladder cancer.
"Before the meeting, Putin said Russia regards Saudi Arabia as a key Muslim state."
"Americans just want to be liked, she said, but there also is a ""huge cost"" when world opinion is negative toward the United States."
"Schwarzenegger has admitted to occasionally living the life of a playboy: smoking pot, chasing women and living fast and loose."
But I do question the motives of a desk-bound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech.
Two partners in Grant Thornton's Italian business have been arrested and are being questioned by magistrates over the collapse of the giant food group.
"It would be a daunting challenge for even the sharpest programming wizards: set up a secure computer network for the 190,000 workers in the Homeland Security Department."
"Thousands of pounds of fireworks inside the Lamb Entertainment's warehouse and packed in the tractor-trailer rig exploded, the ATF said."
Legato stockholders will get 0.9 of a share of EMC stock for every share of Legato they own.
"Mr McKinlay said that CIBA was involved in the importation of qat, a narcotic substance legal in Britain but banned in the US."
"In early December, immigration inspectors at Hartsfield will be able to match the fingerprints to the federal government's computerized ""watch lists,"" Williams said."
"We will clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration, Reed said in his letter."
"We have already found two trailers that we and the Americans believe were used for chemical and biological weapons."""
"For example, the Dow dropped more than 1,500 points, or 15.6 percent, from May to October 2002, largely because of terrorism fears driven by the headlines."
"In his letter, McBride charges the Free Software Foundation and Red Hat with trying to undermine U.S. copyright laws."
"Bryant presented himself to authorities last Friday and was released after posting $25,000 bail."
"UK retail like-for-like sales for the 17 weeks to December 27 were flat, with gross margin down two percentage points."
"The safety center has a $45 million budget for its first year, much of which will be spent on tests and analyses."
"It was going to involve others, federal prosecutor Kenneth Karas said at a Jan. 30 court hearing, without further elaboration."
"Bush shot back: ""You're looking pretty young these days."""
"All 180,000 DHS employees will soon receive a DHS lapel pin and a personalized DHS certificate."
"The evidence that we had of weapons of mass destruction was drawn up and accepted by the Joint Intelligence Committee, he said."
The Democratic candidates also began announcing their fund-raising totals in advance of the deadline today to file quarterly reports with the Federal Election Commission.
"Rumsfeld has been feuding for a long time with Army leadership, and he passed over nine active-duty four-star generals."
"To watch pay television, consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by their cable service."
The Web site of Hong Kong-based Phoenix TV quoted unnamed experts as saying it would happen between Oct. 10 and 17 and carry two men.
"On Monday, Christian Ganczarski was apprehended at the airport and was to appear before an anti-terrorism judge in the coming days, the officials said on condition of anonymity."
"That second dossier, passed to journalists on Mr Blair's trip to Washington to discuss war plans, said it drew upon ""a number of sources, including intelligence material""."
Secretary of State Colin Powell last week ruled out a non-aggression treaty.
"Barrenas's team tested the hearing of 479 men, aged 20 to 64, who were exposed to noise in their jobs."
"That leaves about three dozen at risk of aid cutoffs, Boucher said without identifying them."
"Iran has yet to sign an additional protocol to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, which it signed in 1970, that would allow IAEA inspections at short notice."
Citigroup (C) on Wednesday named Marjorie Magner chairman and chief executive of its colossal global consumer business.
But a source close to the Pentagon said the Defense Department's own inspector-general had been asked to investigate how the licences were awarded.
"After retiring, he was appointed assistant secretary of energy for defense programs by then-President Ronald Reagan in 1985."
"It's probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program, but I look forward to the challenge, Parsons told reporters at NASA headquarters."
"Based on the history and success of The Winston in Charlotte, I believe there's no place but Lowe's Motor Speedway that can do it justice."
"We're making these commitments first and foremost because we think it's the right thing to do, company spokesman Michael Mudd said yesterday."
"Apple Computer's new online music service sold more than 1 million songs during its first week of operation, the company said Monday."
"They found that 6.4 percent of men on finasteride had high-grade tumors, compared to 5.1 percent taking a placebo."
"Of the 24 directors who are not exchange executives, half are representatives of the securities industry and half are designated public members."
"Since Perkins arrived at UConn in 1990 from Maryland, the Huskies have fielded six national championship teams in three sports -- men's basketball, women's basketball and men's soccer."
"NBC probably will end the season as the second most popular network behind CBS, although it's first among the key 18-to- 49-year-old demographic."
Separate downloadable patches are available for the client and administrative versions of Office.
Nobody is saying such a pill could replace earplugs and other mechanical ear protection.
"The people who are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use your computer,"" McKechnie said."
"Moments later, he hugged his defense lawyers, softly saying, ""Thank you, so much."""
"Customers can deploy Release Candidate 1 of Exchange Server 2003, which is available Monday, as a stepping stone toward the final release, which is due this summer."
The health department spokesperson added the department is following Centers for Disease Control protocol.
An amendment to remove such protections failed by a vote of 186 to 237.
Government sources said Mr Howard urged the US to provide clear rules governing any potential trials.
"A second bomb, evidently carried by the other woman, did not explode; the authorities found explosives and detonated them afterward."
A downturn in services activity in March was the only break in what has been broad growth in services for the past 15 months.
"Those unfair sales have damaged the US industry by eroding market prices below sustainable levels, says Alcoa."
Oracle's $19.50-a-share bid comes two days after PeopleSoft added cash to its original all-share deal with smaller rival J.D. Edwards & Co. JDEC.O .
"However, he said, The reasons behind the increase in incidence are more complex and were just beginning to understand the risk factors."
"Malvo, 18, is charged in the fatal shooting of FBI analyst Linda Franklin outside a Home Depot store in Falls Church."
"I think this moves us a lot closer toward saying that foam can do this kind of damage, Hubbard said."
It is one of only three states in the Arab League to hold full diplomatic relations with Israel.
"The newly unsealed 32-count indictment alleges money laundering and conspiracy and ""strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug-trafficking world,"" Jiménez said."
"The son of circus trapeze artists turned vaudevillians, O'Connor was carried onstage for applause when he was 3 days old."
There were 659 women enrolled at the academy at the time of the survey.
"Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will couple with Friends on Thursdays."
"In another disaster, 62 Spanish peacekeepers were killed May 26 when their plane crashed in Turkey on their way home."
"It just seems like all the issues that we support he doesn't, said Gabriela Lemus, the league's director of policy and legislation."
Jason Giambi contributed a two-out RBI single.
Bush said he plans to meet with scientists and legal experts and will not decide the bill's fate for a few more weeks.
"The memo analyzed lawful activities like recruiting demonstrators, as well as illegal activities like using fake documentation to get into a secured site."
"The quick conviction followed a 2 1/2 week trial, during which the Venango County man represented himself."
"Officials in Chechnya's Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels, and tension is running high ahead of Sunday's presidential election in the war-ravaged region."
"The company estimated second-quarter revenue of $1.2 billion to $1.23 billion, up 14 percent to 16 percent from a year earlier."
London Mayor Ken Livingstone announced over the weekend that police and security services had foiled four terrorist attacks on the capital.
"Mark Kaiser and Tim Lee, respectively US Foodservice vice-presidents for marketing and purchasing, have been dismissed."
Big Blue says the SEC calls the action a fact-finding investigation and has not reached any conclusions related to this matter.
"Mr Barschak was arrested on suspicion of burglary, which covers unauthorised entry."
"The biggest threat to order seemed to be looting and crime, including robberies by some of the tens of thousands of prisoners that Mr. Hussein freed last year."
Scott Dixon eventually made winning the Honda Indy 225 look easy Sunday at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
"Referring to a Muslim fighter in Somalia, Boykin said that ""my God was bigger than his."
"Search technology powerhouse Google has released a new beta of its popular toolbar for Internet Explorer, adding a pop-up blocker, a controversial Blogger feature, and form-filling functionality."
"Rather, the US acted because the administration saw ""existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of our experience on September 11""."
Tony winners will be announced June 8 in televised ceremonies from Radio City Music Hall.
"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents, Mrs Clinton writes."
"The water blocking the airport road swamped several buildings, including a Federal Express depot."
"The system is priced from US$1.1 million to $22.4 million, depending on configuration."
At least 26 American troops have been killed in hostile fire since major combat was officially declared over on May 1.
"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats - international terrorists - this Bush administration has chosen to settle old scores, Graham said."
"This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals, Raymond said."
"The head of the intelligence service under Mr. Fujimori, Vladimiro Montesinos, was accused of tortures and disappearances."
"The product will be targeted at companies that need to create, publish, manage and archive web-based content within a corporate intranet, extranet and internet environment."
"Rescue workers arriving at February's deadly nightclub fire met a horrific scene, as people trapped in the club's doorway screamed for help, rescue tapes released Thursday show."
"Attorney Mitchell Garabedian, who represents many young men who say they were molested by Geoghan, said he was shocked and surprised to hear of Geoghan's death."
Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi said Mr Ota deserved to be criticised.
U.S. stocks fell in early morning trade on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.
"The group will be headed by John S. Wolf, an assistant secretary of state who has served in Australia, Vietnam, Greece and Pakistan."
Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas dissented.
"Mr. Chapman, who hasn't been arrested, is expected to appear for arraignment next Thursday, prosecutors said."
"The GPL violates the U.S. Constitution, together with copyright, antitrust  and export control laws, states SCO in documents filed with the U.S. District Court for Utah."
"Dave Tomlin, AP's assistant general counsel, said the parties are deciding whether to appeal the order."
"China is scrambling to stop the disease from spreading to the countryside, where most of its 1.3 billion people live."
"The most recent killing was in 1998, when Dr. Barnett Slepian was shot and killed in his home in Amherst, N.Y."
"Sanchez de Lozada promised a referendum on the gas project, a reform of energy laws and constitutional changes."
Microsoft said Tuesday it intends to acquire the intellectual property and technology assets of Romanian antivirus firm GeCAD Software Srl.
WSE version 2 is available from Microsoft's developer Web site.
He killed himself after being exposed as the source for a BBC report which claimed the government exaggerated the case for war against Iraq.
There is nothing that Rob Furst did that was not vetted and approved by senior individuals at Merrill.
"Parrado remained on a Coast Guard cutter Wednesday as officials determined his status and immediate future, the Coast Guard said."
Neither authorities nor Granquist would release identities of the victims pending family notification.
"Under the agreement, the settling companies will also assign their potential claims against the underwriters to the investors, he added."
President Bush and top officials in his administration cited the threat from Iraq's alleged chemical and biological weapons and nuclear weapons program as the main justification for going to war.
U.S. Food and Drug Administration Commissioner Mark McClellan said Kraft's could start an important trend.
"If draining the ponds in Maryland will further help establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."""
"Tate was 12 when he was charged with beating Tiffany Eunick, 6, to death in July 1999."
His protest triggered a 47-hour standoff with police that led to huge traffic jams as commuters backed up in downtown Washington and Northern Virginia.
McArthur told internetnews.com price declines have moderated and remained below 30 percent from the previous year for the last two quarters.
"White House spokesman Scott McClellan called the Padilla ruling ""troubling and flawed."
"The suspects were charged with racketeering, conspiracy, organized fraud, grand theft and illegal drug sales, all felonies carrying penalties of five to 30 years in prison."
"In 1995, Schwarzenegger expanded the program nationwide to 15 cities, serving 200,000 children, most of whom come from housing projects or homeless shelters."
"Such an amount would probably be unable to summon a majority of the Senate, where Republican moderates have refused to go above $350 billion."
The US on Tuesday filed a long-anticipated case in the World Trade Organisation aimed at forcing the European Union to lift its de facto moratorium on genetically modified foods.
"Mr. Dewhurst has suggested a cooling-off period, which could give the senators time to go home."
"A year ago, the company posted a profit of 12 cents a share."
"We must defend those whom we dislike or even despise, said Neal Sonnett, a Miami lawyer who headed an ABA task force on enemy combatants."
"At Northwest Medical Center of Washington County in Springdale, one child is in serious condition."
Ratliff said he hopes to bring the two measures to the full Senate by Friday.
"The U.S. Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's original application in December 2001, saying the trial had been sloppily conducted."
"GeCAD, founded in 1992 and based in Bucharest, provides anti-virus, anti-spam and content-filtering products under the name RAV AntiVirus."
"Some conservative groups have staunchly opposed such programs, saying they send the wrong message and in effect encourage and enable teens to have sex before marriage."
"I'm pleased we are bringing it to a conclusion, Garton said."
"On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured when a munitions dump they were guarding exploded in southern Iraq."
"The original report had concluded that ''climate change has global consequences for human health and the environment,'' according to an internal EPA memo."
The CIA on Monday said voice and sound analysts concluded that Saddam is probably the speaker on the tape.
"Hussein's other son, Uday, surrendered yesterday, but the Americans are keeping it quiet because he's a US agent."
"President Bush has to put Putin on notice that he is taking Russia in the wrong direction, Soros said."
A former partner of accountancy firm Ernst & Young was yesterday arrested by FBI agents in the US on charges of obstructing federal investigations.
"With all precincts reporting, Fletcher had 88,747 votes, or 57 percent of the total."
"The first product, StorageCentral, is entry-level storage resource management (SRM) software focused on file and quota management in Windows environments."
"Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld and others argued that Saddam Hussein (news - web sites) possessed chemical, biological and other weapons and was hiding them."
"While the rest of America grapples with an economic downturn, recession has become a permanent way of life for much of rural America."
"The charges came after the federal government imposed special administrative measures restricting the sheik's access to mail, the telephone and visitors and prohibiting him from speaking with the media."
"One man had brandished an English-Turkish dictionary and pointed to the word ""refugee""."
A race observer sits in the passenger seat of the follow vehicle to record any broken rules and also keep track of the car's time.
"If the extra equity for the project cannot be found, AMC directors will have to abandon it to avoid trading while AMC is insolvent."
"The Nasdaq is down roughly 0.4 percent for the month, on track to snap a 7-month streak of gains."
"Vasile Ionescu, of the Roma Centre for public policies, said: ""The princess's marriage was not set up by force."
Lawmakers on the House panel will question intelligence analysts at the closed-door hearing about the factors that went into compiling the National Intelligence Estimate reports on Iraq's weapons programs.
"Also demonstrating box-office strength -- and getting seven Tony nominations -- was a potent revival of Eugene ONeills family drama, Long Days Journey Into Night."""
The Kenilworth-based company said it believes the letter shows that the government plans to pursue a criminal indictment and likely has substantial evidence supporting an indictment.
"News Corp., whose empire spans Hollywood's Twentieth Century Fox to publishing house HarperCollins, owns 35 percent of BSkyB."
"Imam Samudra is charged with playing a key role in the planning and execution of the Oct. 12 attacks, that killed 202 people, mostly foreign tourists."
The capsule ended up on its side and appeared to have been dragged about 40ft by the main parachute after landing.
The former first lady has said she will not run for the White House in 2004 but has not ruled out a race later on.
"In the first quarter of this year, weekly earnings adjusted for inflation fell 1.5 percent - the biggest drop in more than a decade."
"Clearly Roman creams of any type, paint or cosmetic, do not normally survive ... it's pretty exceptional."""
"East Africa has been an area of terrorist threats and indeed terrorist attacks in the past, said State Department spokesman Philip Reeker."
"ASEAN comprises Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam."
"Lamo had told reporters he would surrender to the FBI on the federal courthouse steps in Sacramento on Friday, but he didn't show up."
"The plan would likely result in the election of 22 Republicans and 10 Democrats from Texas, versus the current 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans, officials say."
Scotland Yard's decision to issue new guidance has been prompted by new intelligence passed to Britain by the FBI in late July.
The transaction will grant Handspring stockholders 0.09 of a share of Palm--and no shares of PalmSource--for each share of Handspring common stock.
The industry came under renewed scrutiny recently with the launch by New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer of an investigation of illegal trading in mutual fund shares.
"In fact, Fatima Haque's prom had practically everything one might expect on one of the most important nights of a teenage girl's year."
A navy official said divers scanned the river bed with metal detectors before rain drove them to shore.
"Mr Kenny and the family's American lawyer, Michael Ratner, want access to Hicks before he faces a military tribunal."
The Democratic Republic of Congo's war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded together to back rebels trying to topple Kinshasa.
"The Government shut down in Washington, and federal offices were to remain closed yesterday."
"He told the Register: ""I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks."""
Wagner and Wolford both said that rescue workers were scrounging for boats to retrieve residents stranded by high water.
"It said the patents were ""allegedly"" assigned to Syndia in 2001 through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership."
Druce last night was held in isolation at the same prison.
"Kroc ranked No. 121 on Forbes magazine's latest list of the nation's wealthiest people, with an estimated net worth of $1.7 billion."
Air Commodore Dave Pietsch said the main concern was a September 11-style aircraft suicide attack.
"An experimental drug can slow the loss of vision caused by a maddening eye disease that is the leading cause of blindness among the elderly, doctors reported on Saturday."
"The number of Americans considered extremely obese, or at least 100 pounds overweight, has quadrupled since the 1980s to a startling 4 million, the research shows."
The court's three-judge tribunal was expected to give its verdict next February.
"Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these (pension) payments irrespective of the circumstances in which he left the company, Mr Argus said."
"Revenue rose 26 percent, to $817 million, the company, based in South San Francisco, Calif., said."
"Our party will never be the choice of the N.R.A., and I'm not looking to be the candidate of the N.R.A.,"" a reference to the National Rifle Association."
The news also comes in conjunction with Suns annual JavaOne developers conference in San Francisco.
The matter could then be sent to the U.N. Security Council.
"Bishop Thomas O'Brien, 67, was booked on a charge of leaving the scene of a fatal accident."
"Physicians who perform the procedure would face up to two years in prison, under the bill."
"Roberts said he didn't think excess inventory showed up in Avery's March quarter, although it could explain the drop and quick recovery in sales during the current quarter."
He said the allegations were that certain cereals companies were tipped off to grain prices two hours before they were officially available.
"The new worm affects these Windows systems: 2000, XP, NT 4.0 and Server 2003."
Barrera said Luster gave police a false name immediately after his arrest Wednesday but later revealed his true identity.
"Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant, Wyden and Dorgan said Monday in a letter to the Pentagon."
"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents."
The European Union is threatening trade sanctions unless the subsidies are repealed.
Music mogul Simon Cowell's new TV dating show has made its debut in the US.
The stock rose 48 cents to $30 yesterday in Nasdaq Stock Market trading.
"The (drug) benefit is equal for everyone, both in traditional Medicare and in the enhanced Medicare we're setting up, Grassley said."
"The latter would offer preventive health coverage as well as protection against unexpected healthcare expenses, neither of which is currently available under Medicare."
"But August sales were revised to a 1.2 percent increase from a previously reported 0.6 percent gain, fuelling a dollar rally."
Snow's interview was conducted on Friday but embargoed until Tuesday.
ATA also has hired Citigroup and Morgan Stanley to evaluate options for refinancing or restructuring $175 million of 10.5 percent senior notes due in August 2004.
"Mr. Geoghan was taken to the University of Massachusetts Memorial Health Alliance Hospital in Leominster, Mass., where he died at 1:17 p.m."
The State Court of Appeals did not explain its reasons for not disturbing the Appellate Division's unanimous opinion issued in July.
"Earlier this year, the company said it would restate its 2000, 2001 and 2002 financial results."
Delta personnel at Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport scrambled all day to find alternate flights -- including seats on other airlines -- to move the inconvenienced passengers.
Randall Simon followed with an RBI single to right.
"Bare Metal Restore 4.6 will be available in mid-June, said Veritas, and will cost $900 per Windows client and $1,000 per Unix client."
Retailers J.C. Penney Co. Inc. JCP.N and Walgreen Co. WAG.N kick things off on Monday.
"In a regulatory filing, EDS said the SEC had asked for information related to its troubled IT outsourcing contract with the US Navy."
It also features a 4.5 in back-lit LCD screen and memory expansion facilities.
"With Claritin's decline, Schering-Plough's best-selling products are now antiviral drug ribavirin and an interferon medicine called Peg-Intron -- two drugs used together to treat hepatitis C."
"She also noted that Intel's servers were not harmed and that the thousands of Hamidi e-mail recipients were able to request that the e-mails stop, which Hamidi honored."
"Michel, who has stayed in the new government, denied that it was U.S. pressure which had provoked the government's move."
The poll conducted between Oct. 24 and Nov. 2 had a margin of error of 2 percentage points.
"Taking the pill would lower the risk of heart attack by 88 percent and of stroke by 80 percent, the scientists said."
"The teens are being held on charges of robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer, sources said."
CELF said IBM is pursuing membership and plans to be an active participant in the forum.
"Chiron and Aventis Pasteur together made about 80 million doses, ordinarily enough for U.S. demand, The Associated Press reported."
Pork processing giant Smithfield Foods Inc. said Monday that it won the bidding in an auction for bankrupt Farmland Industries Inc.'s pork business.
"Nvidia's acquisition has been approved by directors at both companies, and is expected to close in the Nvidia's third quarter of fiscal 2004."
"Microsoft's stock was up 50 cents, to $28.34 a share in New York yesterday."
"But the timing of homecomings for those soldiers, as well as the division's 3rd Squadron, 7th Cavalry Regiment, is now indefinite."
The United States is wary of deep involvement in Liberia given commitments in Afghanistan and Iraq.
The unusual decision to declassify a major intelligence report was a bid by the White House to quiet a growing controversy over Bush's allegations about Iraq's weapons programs.
"This is one of the most important solutions for portable gaming,"" said Satoru Okada, general manager of Nintendo's research and engineering department."
Columbia broke apart in the skies above Texas on Feb. 1.
"Assessment of current business conditions improved substantially, the Conference Board said, jumping to 55 from 40 in the first quarter."
Wyoming and New Mexico reported their first deaths from the virus this past week.
"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilization, Mr. Powell said in a speech to fellow NATO ministers."
"Brando said that ""somebody ought to put a bullet"" through her head, according to the defense."
"Slow-moving, drenching Tropical Storm Henri doused an already soaked Florida on Friday, pushing heavy rains into areas where lakes and rivers were full to overflowing."
"And Sen. Michael Crapo, R-Idaho, chairman of the subcommittee that first will take up the nomination, is a longtime friend of Kempthorne's."
It is the nation's first large-scale counterterrorism exercise since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.
"It will continue its regional service for Delta Air Lines DAL.N , Atlantic Coast said."
Five-year notes US5YT=RR added 2/32 to give a yield of 3.10 percent from 3.12 percent.
"BT said it expected the combination to reap 60,000 additional customers between September and March, 2004."
"This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyberassets so that we may best protect the nation's critical infrastructure assets, he added."
The treaty must be signed by the president and ratified by Congress to take effect.
The dispute has led Ukrainian president Leonid Kuchma to cut short a state visit to Latin America.
"Handspring employees are expected to move to Palm Solutions Group headquarters in Milpitas, Calif."
His plan is an insult to working parents throughout New York City.
Experts said the case marks one of the first times in which a parent was charged with contributing to a child's suicide.
Because it takes Neptune 165 years to orbit the Sun its seasons will last for decades.
"Many compensation experts had predicted that Carty would get a generous severance package because his voluntary resignation helped preserve the concessions, the Fort Worth Star-Telegram reported."
"The computers are currently sold in Canada, the United States, and Korea."
"Congress twice passed similar bills, but then-President Clinton vetoed them both times."
"Trailing the Londoners by eight points two months ago, United rallied from its worst league start since 1989 with an unbeaten streak starting Dec. 26."
Instead he left the courtroom a free man after authorities dismissed criminal charges.
"The stock of Juniper Networks Inc. rose sharply Monday after the Mountain View, Calif.-based network-equipment maker announced a distribution and development deal with Lucent Technologies Inc."
"One senior officer said: ""He's made it plain that if we think we are facing a suicide bomber, we should shoot first and ask questions later."""
The attack took place under cover of fog at the Erez crossing on the border between Israel and the Gaza Strip.
"The Food and Drug Administration ultimately denied ImClone's drug application in December 2001, saying that an Erbitux clinical trial was deficient."
The ITC midpoint review of the tariffs outlines their impact so far on the domestic steel industry and steel consumers.
He was arrested last week for allegedly punching a parking attendant outside a nightclub in LA.
"Four people were found shot to death along a highway Tuesday and four others were wounded in a dispute that apparently involved immigrant smugglers, officials said."
Missouri Education Commissioner Kent King said he was disappointed by the scores.
In 1999 a California state senator proposed a law requiring motorists over the age of 75 to take driving tests to renew their licenses.
"Those rating present business conditions as 'bad' increased to 30.4 per cent from 28.1 per cent, the report said."
California's lost tax revenue was mostly due to international corporate tax shelters.
"Tornadoes continue to tear across the U.S. Midwest after ripping through six states, killing as many as 29 people, the Associated Press reported."
"Trans fats are created when vegetable oil has been partially hydrogenated, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain products."
United has paid $34 million in penalties for failing to meet employment targets.
Investors kept in mind Tuesday's warning from Japan's top financial diplomat Zembei Mizoguchi that Japan would act to prevent excessive swings in currency rates.
"Cisco has similar relationships with BellSouth competitors SBC Communications, AT&T and Sprint Communications."
Companies trading on the biggest stock markets must get shareholder approval before granting stock options and other equity compensation under rules cleared yesterday by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
"Paul Durousseau, 30, was charged Tuesday with murder in five slayings between December and February, and also is suspected of a 1997 killing in the state of Georgia."
"It will be a compromise, like the real world requires, he said."
"With Smithfields leadership, Farmland Foods will succeed and continue to sustain the Midwestern communities which depend on it."
"The singer has been on a ventilator since the crash at his Buckinghamshire estate on Monday, with his condition last night described as “stable and comfortable”."
"Lord Archer is likely to be released from Hollesley Bay open prison at Woodbridge, Suffolk, on July 21."
Authorities looked to the public yesterday for help in solving the deadly sniper-style shootings of three people outside Charleston-area convenience stores.
"Medicaid, which receives federal and state funding, is the government health-insurance program for the poor."
"Bloom and his colleagues had previously shown that the hormone, PYY3-36, could curb the appetites of lean people."
"Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas denounced the helicopter strike as a ""criminal and terrorist"" Israeli attack."
"Total shipments reached 19.5 million units last year, compared with 8.9 million units in 2001."
"Park appeared to have been strangled and may have been sexually assaulted, Homicide Capt. Charles Bloom said."
"The product can be instructed to permit business-only use, according to Sendmail."
"Other contenders included General Electric's GE.N NBC, which submitted a letter of interest, a source familiar with the matter said."
"Seven Democratic presidential candidates have arranged to address the group, according to The Associated Press."
News that the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries was lowering output starting in November exacerbated a stock sell-off already under way yesterday.
Bondholders of Mirant Americas Generation subsequently filed suit against Mirant seeking to block the exchange offer.
"But they did not, as of the time of this tragic event, provide the additional security we requested."
"For the second year in a row, rises in hospital costs dominated the increase, accounting for 51 percent of the overall cost spiral."
President Vladimir Putin threw his weight for the first time on Saturday behind Russia's main pro-Kremlin political party ahead of parliamentary elections.
"The new effort, Taxpayers Against the Recall, will be formally launched today outside a Sacramento fire station."
"But Miami is competing with eight other cities, including Atlanta; Panama City; Port-of-Spain, Trinidad; and Cancn, Mexico."
"In an advertisement for the book, Berg says, ""More than my remembrances, this book intends to convey hers."""
Channel Nine has been billed as the most popular commercial station after recently recording 26 consecutive weeks on top of the ratings.
"The card is issued by Mexico's consulates to its citizens living abroad and shows the date of birth, a current photograph and the address of the cardholder."
MTA spokeswoman Marisa Baldeo Sunday night declined to discuss the matter because of the pending litigation.
"Shares of the cigarette makers jumped on the news, led by New York-based Altria, whose shares rose almost 10 percent to $38.30."
"I didn't see either one today, but if they're here and wave from the side, I'll certainly wave to them, Bloomberg said."
"These documents are indecipherable to me, the lawyers said, ""and the fact is that this investigation has led nowhere."""
"Synthes-Stratec's cash payment for Mathys will be made up of money on hand, plus bank borrowings arranged by Credit Suisse First Boston."
"However, FAA spokeswoman Kathleen Bergen said no data indicate that the situation poses safety problems."
"While federal prosecutors refuse to discuss the investigation, lawyers and others familiar with it say it remains focused on Campbell."
"The MDC said that an opposition supporter, Tichaona Kaguru, died in hospital after being tortured and assaulted by the soldiers putting down the anti-Mugabe protests."
"Starting on Aug. 16, every computer infected with MBlast will start flooding Microsoft's Windows Update service with legitimate-looking connection requests."
"Greater Manchester Police, with the support of German authorities and the Federal Bureau of Investigation have now arrested Toby Studabaker in Frankfurt, Germany, a police spokeswoman said."
Google's early stage backers in include California-based Stanford University and VC firms Kleiner Perkins and Sequoia Capital.
"Its shares fell $9.61 to $50.26, ranking as the NYSE's most-active issue and its biggest percentage loser."
U.S. officials say operatives loyal to the ousted Saddam government do not require hightechnology eavesdropping devices to gather substantial amounts of information on the activities of American officials.
"Although the Beatles were deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union, their popularity knew no bounds and far outreached any other Western rock groups."
The document says the damage to the wing provided a pathway for hot gases to penetrate Columbia's thermal armour during its fatal re-entry.
Hollywood and the world are gearing up to celebrate legendary entertainer Bob Hope's 100th birthday on Thursday.
"Mahmud was seized near Tikrit, the area from which he and Saddam hail, about 150 kilometres north-west of Baghdad, US military officials said."
"Burma pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be released from a hospital after recovering from surgery but remain under detention at home, her personal physician said today."
"The plant would employ 1,000 people when fully built out, the company said."
"Five alternate jurors also were selected, with a sixth alternate to be picked on Friday."
"And in the Muslim world, Osama bin Laden, the missing leader of the al-Qaida terrorist network, is becoming more of a hero, not less of one."
But Ms Pike said it was not unusual for hospitals to go into deficit and promised services would not be curtailed.
"We'll decide how to keep the proper incentives there for countries to sign and for countries that have signed to ratify, the official said."
"France, Russia, China and even staunch ally Britain had advocated a stronger U.N. role, which they said was needed to give a U.S.-backed Iraqi authority international legitimacy."
"The League of United Latin American Citizens, the group criticizing Schwarzenegger, said the Austrian-born actor's advisory board position brings into question his commitment to Hispanics."
"Today, June 25, the 127th anniversary of Custer's defeat, formal recognition is coming to the Indian warriors who prevailed that hot June day in 1876."
But church members and observers say they anticipate that the decision here could pose doctrinal problems for some Episcopalians who believe the Bible prohibits homosexuality.
"Shares of Smithfield rose $1.64 yesterday to close at $20.85, a rise of 8.5 per cent, on the New York Stock Exchange."
"Nor has it said how many astronauts will be on board, through there reportedly could be as many as three."
"If those loss reductions continue, further rate reductions should be ordered, Bordelon said."
"Three times in a row, they failed to get a big _enough turnout to elect a president."
"Right now it looks to me like it's going to be manageable,"" he said."
"They are located in Grande Cache, Alta., Carrot River, Sask., Chapleau, Ont., and Aberdeen, Wash."
"The GameCube, a major disappointment in the last fiscal year, trails both Sony's PlayStation 2 and Microsoft' Xbox."
"District Attorney Dave Lupas reminded jurors that Stubbs is, ""a cold, calculating killer""."
"He admits that the law ""has several weaknesses which terrorists could exploit, undermining our defenses."""
A group of investors said Friday it wants to start a television network aimed at the interests of an estimated 8 million Muslims living in the United States.
We believe it is without merit and we will defend ourselves rigorously.
"The executive board decided to refer this to the capitals, the Korean Energy Development Organization said."
"It suggests that Congress consider making the CIA director a professional position, rather than a political appointment."
"She also noted that Intel's servers were not harmed and that the thousands of Hamidi e-mail recipients were able to request that the e-mails stop, which Hamidi honored."
"Rain and runoff from heavy snow sent a mountain creek on a rampage, washing out a culvert and opening a 22-foot-wide sinkhole in Interstate 70 east of Vail."
Feith said critics have misrepresented the work of the special intelligence group he set up in October 2001.
"The mock explosion of a radioactive ""dirty bomb,"" the first event in the weeklong drill, occurred on several acres in the south Seattle industrial area."
"Mr Hughes, who trains three hours a day to accelerate the healing process, has lost 17 kilos since October."
"Josephine Burke, who ran the illegal day care, served four months in prison on misdemeanor assault and child-neglect charges."
Their father had pleaded with doctors to abandon their efforst after his wife's euthanasia bid left their son in a coma and he was put on life support.
It was the third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close.
"James Rohr, chairman and chief executive officer, said PNC regretted the incident."
Shares of Allergan were up 14 cents at $78.40 in late trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
"In Somalia, the report says, only 26 percent of adolescent girls have heard of AIDS and only 1 percent know how to protect themselves."
"Between July 1, 2002 and June 30, 2003, the Red Cross spent $114 million on disaster relief, while taking in only $39.5 million."
Attorneys for both the archdiocese and the plaintiffs began meeting last week to reach the out-of-court settlement.
"ELENA Slough, considered to be the oldest person in the US and the third oldest person in the world, has died."
"For the full year period ending June 30, 2003, high-speed lines increased by 45 percent."
"Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 26/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.27 percent from 3.17 percent."
More than 100 police officers were involved in the busts that were the culmination of a two-year operation investigating the cocaine importing and money laundering gang.
"The Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 10.89, or 1.2 percent, to 931.12 as of 12:01 p.m. in New York."
"As Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but hundreds who ran the war have returned to the United States."
"The case decided Monday centered around an Illinois fund-raiser, Telemarketing Associates."
"The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security, they said."
"Iressa is similar to medicines being developed by ImClone Systems Inc. and OSI Pharmaceuticals Inc., designed to precisely target tumor cells while sparing healthy ones."
"Consumers who said jobs are difficult to find jumped to 32.6 from 29.4, while those saying work was plentiful slipped to 12.6 from 13 in April."
Analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call had expected Kodak to earn 68 cents a share for the quarter.
"They included Global Crossing, Akamai Technologies, Ask Jeeves, Copper Mountain Networks, Etoys and VA Linux."
Four of those killed by Williams were black; the other was white.
A warrant for Taylor's arrest has been served on the Ghanaian authorities and sent to Interpol.
"The other 18 people inside the building - two visitors and 16 employees, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend - escaped unharmed, Aaron said."
More than 130 people have been arrested and $17 million worth of property seized in an Internet fraud sweep announced Friday by three U.S. government agencies.
"They said progress towards resolving the nuclear issue and progress in the trade talks were ""interdependent, essential and mutually reinforcing elements of EU-Iran relations""."
Prosecutors say Mzoudi was involved in the preparations for the attack until the final moment and that he was aware of and supported the attackers' violent goals.
They were the deadliest terrorist attacks against Americans since September 11.
"The new WPAN standard uses the 2.4 GHz unlicensed frequency band and specifies raw data rates of 11, 22, 33, 44 and 55Mbit/s."
"The FMI estimates that last year 15.7 percent of the average supermarket's sales and more than half of gross margin went to pay employee costs, including wages and benefits."
"Gemstar shares moved higher on the news, closing up 2.6 percent at $5.49 on Nasdaq."
"The New York Stock Exchange suspended trading yesterday in Loral, which closed at $3.01 Friday."
Both the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq indexes have scored three straight weeks of gains.
It also features Nvidia's own PowerMizer power management system.
Vaccine makers have been thrust into the limelight as government programs encourage wider vaccination amid fears of biological attacks.
"He said he did not think that the Shenzhou V launch had military applications, even though the space program is developing antisatellite weapons and robotic space weapons."
The court case does not involve another rule that that allows cell customers to keep their phone numbers when they switch wireless companies.
"US officials accuse regional states, particularly Syria, of not doing enough to prevent foreign fighters from entering Iraq to attack US-led coalition forces."
"Under the proposed stock for stock transaction, LendingTree shareholders will get 0.6199 shares of USAI common stock for each share of LendingTree common stock."
Supermarket chains are accusing union leaders of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend as grocery clerks gear up for a possible strike.
"At the end of the second quarter, Intel initially predicted sales of between $6.9 billion and $7.5 billion."
"Prospects for the whole Canadian aerospace industry are improving with recent developments contributing to the enhancement of aircraft financing in this country, said Paul Tellier, Bombardier chief executive."
"They did not ... provide the security that we had requested, Jordan said in a CBS interview."
A Melbourne TV producer who worked on shows including Who Wants To Be a Millionaire?
"November 17's last victim was British defense attache Stephen Saunders, who was shot and killed at point-blank range on a busy Athens road in June 2000."
"The NASD alleges that the analyst flew multiples times on Tyco's corporate jets for business trips, sometimes accompanied by Kozlowski."
The sale represents about 52 per cent of the 115.9 million shares Mr Turner held at the end of April.
"The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the resurgent Aspen fire."
"But when neither Justice O'Connor nor any other justice announced a retirement when the court's term ended in June, it was widely seen as making those campaigns moot."
"It added it had ""co-operated fully"" with police since November."
Kimmitt said the operation was a show of force as the military steps up security against threats of attacks over the Christmas holiday by Baghdad's 14 identified guerrilla cells.
They say second-quarter earnings reports will be key in giving investors that guidance.
At the hearing he pleaded not guilty to the burial service fraud and false statements charges.
"Under the compromise, most dividends and capital gains would be taxed at 15 percent through 2008."
"From 1976 to 1980, it said, 6 percent of children ages 6 to 18 were overweight."
"Wyle's feature credits also include ""White Oleander,"" ""Enough"" and ""Donnie Darko."""
A slit the size of one created in the test would let in a stream of gas three times hotter than a blowtorch.
Dealers said the dollar also drew some downside support as Japanese investors are expected to keep snapping up foreign bonds amid ever-falling domestic interest rates.
"I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks, he told The Des Moines Register."
"Intel said it will use this advancement along with other innovations, such as strained silicon and tri-gate transistors, to extend transistor scaling and Moore's Law (define)."
"Three Cubans were executed for hijacking a Cuban ferry, and six more are scheduled to go on trial in Key West in December for a plane hijacking in March."
A public comment period on the proposed new taxes will end on Monday.
They said the company knowingly underestimated to the FDA the number of safety complaints involving the device.
"Mr. Nicolas is an uncle of Abner Louima, who was tortured by New York City police officers in 1997."
"The inspector general's findings confirm our long-held view that civil liberties and the rights of immigrants were trampled in the aftermath of 9/11."""
"Called ""Taxpayers Against the Recall,"" it was to be launched Wednesday afternoon outside a Sacramento fire station."
"The American Chamber of Commerce and InvestHK, which oversees investment into the territory, is talking to other bands to replace the Stones."
"Details on pricing will be announced within a few weeks, McBride said."
"Doctors concluded Erbitux, the cancer drug that enmeshed ImClone Systems in an insider trading scandal, worked just as well as an earlier company-sponsored study said it did."
Meningitis is an infection of the fluid in a person's spinal cord and around the brain.
"Under the House-passed plan, seniors would pay 20 percent of drug costs, plus a $250 deductible annually."
"I feel that my supervision was inadequate, Taiwan's minister of health, Twu Shiing-jer, told parliament after tendering his resignation."
"A Comoros islander, he is on the United States' list of most wanted suspects."
NBC also plans to shelve Crossing Jordan until January as star Jill Hennessy has her first child.
Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) on Friday in the opening game of the double-elimination tournament.
"NASA officials are seeking advice about what to do with the 84,000 shattered pieces of the space shuttle Columbia, cautiously broaching the idea of putting some parts on display."
Bryant's hearing date falls two days after the Lakers open the preseason with two games in Hawaii.
"Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the nation's largest private employer, will now include gays and lesbians in its anti-discrimination policy, company officials said Wednesday."
Aides to the general said Mr. Segal's arrival could have been the source of friction with Mr. Fowler.
Trouble flared when at least four North Korean reporters rushed from the Taegu media centre to confront a dozen activists protesting against human rights abuses in the North.
"In that case, the court held that the city of Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning, in the interest of aesthetics, only the advertising pamphlets."
The 2.4 GHz radio frequency chipset features radio interference protection and low power consumption.
"It's our judgment that the possible avenues to a peaceful resolution were not fully explored at the Tokyo conference, US State Department spokesman Richard Boucher said."
"Smallpox is not the only threat to the nation's health, and vaccination is not the only tool for preparedness, his introductory statement says."
Tim Hortons' same-store sales in Canada rose by 6.7 per cent.
"Further testing is still under way, but at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive, the specialist said yesterday."
"At first, the animals' performance declined compared with the joystick sessions."
"After that, he plans to have dinner at Camp Bondsteel with U.S. troops stationed there."
"We acted because we saw the evidence in a dramatic new light, through the prism of our experience on 9/11."
Taxpayers unsure if they are owed refunds can use interactive features on the IRS Web site to track refunds or advance child credit payments.
"Dynes will be paid $395,000 a year; Atkinson's salary is $361,400."
The Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam suspended peace talks April 21 citing a lack of progress.
"Jail warden Gene Fischi said said Selenski and Bolton broke their 12-inch-by-18-inch cell window, threw a mattress to the ground and shimmied down the rope to a second-story roof."
Spitz is expected to testify later for the defense.
"A federal judge Thursday granted a request by the Food and Drug Administration to shut down Rx Depot, a popular Internet company that sells cheaper prescription drugs from Canada."
"She was bitten on the back and scratched on the leg, her mother said."
"But quartet members are divided 3-1, the United States against the rest, on whether they should treat Arafat as the representative of the Palestinian people."
"Shares of McDonald's and Wendy's continued their recent recovery Monday, rising more than 1 percent on the New York Stock Exchange in afternoon trade."
"As part of the agreement to extradite the two best friends from Canada, prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty for convictions."
"Most economists had been expecting a far more dire report, with many expecting to see the fifth month of job losses in six months in September."
"The latest 11 News/Houston Chronicle Poll shows White supported by 53 percent of surveyed voters, far ahead of Orlando Sanchez's 35 percent."
"It passed only after Republicans won the support of Voinovich and another wavering senator, Nelson of Nebraska."
"The median household earned income fell $500 over the same period to $42,400."
"A former FBI informant, Whitey Bulger is now on the agency's ""Ten Most Wanted"" list alongside Osama bin Laden."
"The document stated: ""This report does not attempt to address the complexities of this issue."""
"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats - international terrorists, Graham said, ""this Bush administration chose to settle old scores."""
Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter.
"Carlton Dotson, who was on the team last season and lives in Hurlock, Md., said he was told not to talk about the case."
"Grant, a 22-year Monsanto veteran, also has been elected to the company's board of directors, Monsanto said in a statement."
"In addition, Apple's new Server Admin tool makes it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the complete set of services built into Panther Server."
"I've stopped looters, run political parties out of abandoned buildings, caught people with large amounts of cash and weapons, said U.S. Army 2nd Lt. Cody Williams."
"We're optimistic we can deliver the vaccine to these people in time to do good, said Dr. David Fleming, the CDC's deputy director for Public Health and Science."
"Each week 138 million shoppers visit Wal-Mart's 4,750 stores."
"Fayette City Councilman Cedric Wilson identified the dead as Cpl. James Crump, Officer Arnold Strickland and dispatcher Ace Mealer."
"The incubation period in cattle is four to five years, said Dr. Stephen Sundlof of the Food and Drug Administration (news - web sites)."
The issue is unlikely to be resolved until Congress reconvenes in early September.
"The Defence Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, and other top Pentagon officials played down his comments."
Gasps could be heard as the photo was projected onto the screen.
It seems to me they are attempting to protect privacy of theft.
"He resides in Doha, Qatar, from which Russian authorities have been trying to extradite him for nearly two years."
"House Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman Billy Tauzin, R-La., said his committee will hold a hearing on the power outage in September."
Maj-Gen Jeffery said he would give his military pension to charity while he served at Yarralumla.
"About 1,000 people came in stifling heat to begin two days of observances tied to the coming 40th anniversary of the March on Washington on Aug. 28, 1963."
"This change in attitude gave upscale purveyors including Neiman Marcus Group Inc. and Nordstrom Inc., along with some boutique retailers, strong sales gains in May."
Cheney returned Barbour's favorable introduction by touting Barbour's work as chair of the Republican National Committee.
"NCSD's chief will be Robert Liscouski, the assistant secretary of Homeland Security for Infrastructure Protection."
He is roughly halfway to his goal of raising between $150 million and $170 million in the primaries.
"An investigation by BaFin, the German financial regulator, has condemned the bank's risk controls."
"Moroccan police have arrested 33 suspects, including some linked to the radical Djihad Salafist group, a government official said."
The Jacksons each were charged with four counts of aggravated assault and 14 counts of child endangerment.
"Excluding patent litigation, RIM's loss for the quarter was $700,000, or 1 cent per share."
"The death of Ghozi signals that terrorists will never get far in the Philippines, President Gloria Arroyo said."
"Later this year, the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions."
Prairie dogs are believed to have become infected in a pet shop through a Gambian rat imported from Africa.
Some Boston bar managers said they worry that banning smoking will create a hazard as groups of smokers huddle outside on sidewalks and in parking lots to smoke.
"Writing for the minority, Justice John Paul Stevens said the interrogation was akin to ""an attempt to obtain an involuntary confession from a prisoner by torturous methods."""
The acquisition has been approved by both companies' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year.
His hatred for these people had germinated from these discussions and helped cement his belief that violence was the panacea.
"The reporting services will also be rolled into Yukon as planned, sources said."
"As a professional, I'd like to be thought of as a storyteller."
"The union earlier this week announced tentative agreements with Ford Motor Co., DaimlerChrysler AG's Chrysler Group and supplier Visteon Corp."
"The head of the panel, former Rep. Tillie Fowler of Florida, told present and past commanders that cadets don't trust them."
"The board did so, and accepted that resignation, said the chairman of the exchange's compensation committee, H. Carl McCall."
Roberts said on Fox News Sunday that said his committee was briefed about a week ago about the likelihood of an attack in Saudi Arabia.
"Revenue fell to $36.9bn from $39.3bn a year ago, mainly due to lower vehicle sales."
"Zilkha conceded in a statement issued today that his group may have fallen ""a bit short."""
Sprint plans to move half of its 8 million local lines from hard-wired circuits to packet networks in the next six years.
I think there's a building confidence that the cop is on the beat.
"Annan warned that the dangers of extremism after September 11 should not be used as an excuse to suppress ""long-cherished"" freedoms."
It is almost certain to exacerbate the divisions between Washington and Europe that emerged before the war in Iraq.
Democrats hold a 17-15 edge in the state's U.S. House delegation.
The indictment says the investment was a breach of fiduciary duties and resulted in the state pension fund immediately losing $1 million.
"Global HRT sales were worth $3.8bn (2.4bn) in 2001, according to Datamonitor, the London-based market research company."
"Chances are, he will see people who year after year pick the same place to sit."
They also drafted a nonbinding priorities list specifying that one-quarter may be used to reduce planned cuts of 5 percent in fees paid to health care providers.
"The 90-minute exchange took place at a debate, focusing on the issues of interest to young people, broadcast live from Faneuil Hall in Boston."
Spinal Concepts makes spinal fixation products used during spinal fusion surgery.
"Last Saturday, a six-wheeled robot developed by NASA landed on Mars and began sending back images of the planet."
He also recruited other people to take delivery of fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered.
PG&E Corp. shares jumped $1.63 or 8 percent to $21.03 on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.
"The compilers are available in two forms: The Intel C++ Compiler for Microsoft eMbedded Visual C++ is available from Intel for $399, and is intended for applications development."
"This represents an additional 23 cases of dementia per year in every 10,000 women treated."
"In July 2002, PWC paid $5 million to settle alleged violations of auditor independence rules."
"If accepted by the judge, Grass' plea will leave Rite Aid's former vice chairman and chief counsel, Franklin C. Brown, to stand trial alone next month."
"Mr. Spitzer said in a statement that the sentence ""reflects the seriousness with which our office and the courts view these crimes."""
"Another brother, Ali Imron, received a life sentence after he cooperated with the authorities and expressed remorse."
"License sales, a key measure of demand, fell 21 percent to $107.6 million."
"The euro at the moment is at a level that better reflects the fundamentals, the ECB president said."
"The most common side effects after getting the nasal spray were nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough."
"The court today reversed the decision of that court, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit."
"September and third-quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly, George Scalise, the SIA's president, said in the statement."
"We are cautiously optimistic regarding some improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of 2003."""
"If the creditors turn down the bailout plan, LG Group may have to closedown its card business."
He was reported as saying Prime Minister Sir Allan Kemakeza had made a deal with him to keep his guns while notorious warlord Harold Keke's group was armed.
"The Supreme Court justices agreed to hear an appeal involving a California atheist whose 9-year-old daughter, like most elementary school children, hears the Pledge of Allegiance recited daily."
Air Commodore Dave Pietsche said RAAF controllers had positioned a fully armed F/A-18 Hornet fighter to prepare to intercept the aircraft.
"We did not want to shut down, Diamond testified under questioning by Matthew Fishbein, one of O'Donnell's lawyers."
"Due to economic and creative realities, many key people will not be returning, including Dylan, Kelley said Monday."
"In jihad, the target must be clear, meaning that we should have authentic evidence of the target that they really hate Islam,"" Imron said."
Emmy and Golden Globe Award-winners James Brolin and Judy Davis star as Ronald and Nancy Reagan in The Reagans.
A separate case seeking to renegotiate contracts was filed by Sierra Pacific Resources SRP.N utility Nevada Power Co. and two municipal utilities.
"On Wednesday, analysts say, UN members can no longer ignore the shifts since the attacks in the US of September 11 2001."
But police say the driver of the truck has not been found and is wanted for questioning.
"They underwent more tests over the weekend, and are now warded at Raffles Hospital."
MALAYSIA will launch a publicity campaign in local newspapers today giving its version of the water dispute with Singapore.
A new version of the Bluetooth specification was officially launched today at the start of the Bluetooth World Congress in Amsterdam.
The company updated the MySQL 4.0 software with the ability to run on the HP-UX 11i Unix operating system and Linux on servers equipped with Intel's 64-bit Itanium 2 processor.
"Nobody really knows what happened there except for me and the guard, and I can assure you that what he said happened didn't happen, Kaye said."
"U.S. stocks rose slightly on feather-light volume on Friday, as Wall Street regrouped after the biggest-ever power outage in North America."
"Close cooperation between regional law enforcement agencies and intelligence services was at the heart of the fight against terrorism, he said."
"Byrne says he got carried away with PowerPoint and just ""started making stuff."""
"He died doing something he loved, which was flying his helicopters, said the father, who lives in Fairview Heights, just outside St. Louis, Mo."
"The attack on the Rashid Hotel on Sunday, during the visit of the deputy secretary of defense, Paul D. Wolfowitz, underscores the nature of the problem."
"Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling CDMA chips against little or no competition, said TI General Counsel Joseph Hubach."
A Tenet spokesman declined to comment Wednesday and a Redding Medical Center official did not return telephone calls seeking comment.
National Breast Cancer Centre head Professor Christine Ewan said there was no need for panic.
Shares of Express Scripts ESRX.O fell about 4 percent to $66.73 on the Nasdaq in late morning trade.
Amazon and the New York attorney general's office have already settled with one of the alleged e-mail forgers.
Tehran has made it clear it will only sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful Western nuclear technology is lifted.
That was 4 cents higher than the expectations of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.
"Defense lawyers cannot appeal the ruling until after trial, in the appellate courts."
The bulk of the bill - $64.7 billion - goes for military operations primarily in Iraq and Afghanistan.
"The document warns of potential panic attacks, psychosis and convulsions in some cases."
"Oracle managers also indicated PeopleSoft's roughly 8,000 workers could expect mass layoffs, though they did not get into specifics."
"Those with diabetes run the risk of severe complications, including heart disease, chronic kidney disease, blindness and amputations."
"The five main banks are ABN AMRO AAH.AS , ING ING.AS , J.P. Morgan JPM.N , Goldman Sachs GS.N and Rabobank [RABN.UL]."
His plan would cost over $200 billion annually and be paid for by repealing Bush's tax cuts.
"Barbini said the EU may reach a compromise but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry has resisted."
"Born in 1953 in Baghdad, she is the daughter of Saleh Mahdi Ammash, a former vice-president, defence minister and member of the Baath party's leadership."
An attempt to keep the fund open for another year fell flat in the Senate last month.
"Lay had refused to turn over the papers, asserting his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination."
"Proceedings were taken up with prosecutors outlining their case against Amrozi, reading a 33-page accusation letter to the court."
"The Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> slipped 0.26 point, or 0.02 percent, to 1,121.96."
"Nearly all of Ford's second-quarter profit came from its Ford Credit finance arm, which earned $401 million, up 21.5 percent from a year earlier."
It's been a busy couple of days for enterprise security gurus tasked with the job of keeping their companies safe and sound.
"Bush's aides describe Omaha as the most crucial stop, since Senator Ben Nelson, Democrat of Nebraska, has become their top lobbying target on the tax-cut package."
"Under the plan, which GM and Dow were to announce Wednesday in Washington, GM will provide Dow manufacturing plants with trucks containing fuel cell conversion equipment."
"The UMass president, who testified before a congressional committee last week, has acknowledged talking to him once since he went on the lam in 1995."
"Of course, I want to win again, but it is worse when you have never won because you are anxious, he said."
"The lives of American war-fighters can be placed at direct risk through illegal transfer of military components, Joseph Schmitz, Defence Department inspector general, said."
"The virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like ""Thank You!"" and ""Re: Details""."
"They are obviously hurting so we are basically going over there to help them, Russell, 46, said."
"The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a compromise, Hollings said in a statement."
"In hardest-hit Taipei, traffic has disappeared from once-bustling streets and department stores and restaurants are virtually empty."
"The Episcopal Church ''is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion,'' said the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of the All Saints Cathedral, in Nairobi."
"Hidalgo County Judge Ramon Garcia says when he was growing up, he wasn't allowed to speak Spanish at school."
"They went into the operation on their own free will,' Reuters quoted their father, Mr Dadollah Bijani, as saying."
"Peterson, 31, is now charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and their unborn son."
"Attorney Gloria Allred, who is representing Frey, also filed documents opposing a gag order in the case."
Florida legislators return today for a special session in which they're expected to pass a compromise bill aimed at lowering doctors' medical malpractice insurance rates.
"Sovereign shares closed on the New York Stock Exchange at $15.68, down 74 cents, or 4.5 percent."
"The fire began about two hours later after an explosion likely caused by a steam leak, Miami-Dade Police Director Carlos Alvarez said."
"30 years waiting for you, read one banner hoisted over the crowd, as many concert-goers wept tears of happiness."
The upgrade will be available as a free download for current customers with SmarNet support in January 2004.
"ATA spokeswoman Diana Cronan said travel was down in May through July, and she also expects it to be down some over Labor Day."
"Even the pizza delivery took part, unwittingly delivering a leaflet with the missing girl's picture during his run to Cruz's house."
"Within two years, 259, or 10 percent, of the youths reported they had started to smoke or had at least taken a few puffs."
"MedImmune Vaccines, the maker of FluMist, made between 4 million and 5 million doses this year."
"Some 34.7 million shares have been tendered, Oracle said in a statement."
"Clearly, the debate and the discussion have had an effect, says David Smith, a spokesman for the Human Rights Campaign."
"Yunos prepared the bombs' wiring, and Ghozi admitted that he prepared the switch on the alarm-clock triggers and packed the explosives, the prosecutors said."
"The threat to aircraft by terrorists using shoulder-fired missiles continues in Kenya, including Nairobi, it said."
"Speaking about the day before he was found dead, she said: ""I was physically sick several times at this stage because he looked so desperate."
"Walsh, also 40, was in critical but stable condition at Staten Island University Hospital last night."
"Despite these and other differences, U.S. and EU leaders insisted they were working well together."
Peterson was almost eight months pregnant when she was reported missing.
"The suspected militants ambushed the convoy near the town of Spinboldak, U.S. military spokesman Lt. Col. Douglas Lefforge said Sunday, a day after the attack."
"Along with chip maker Intel, the companies include Sony, Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard, International Business Machines, Gateway, Nokia and others."
"Mr. Swan's group supported the governor's Democratic opponent, Bill Curry, in the 2002 election."
"After posting $3 million bail, Jackson flew to Las Vegas, where he had been working on a video."
"Earlier in the evening, the mother, whom authorities did not identify, had brought her daughter to the bank after a doctor's appointment."
PG&E Corp. shares jumped $1.63 or 8 percent to $21.03 on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.
"Please, keep doing your homework, said Bavelier, the mother of 6-year-old twins and a 2-year old."
"Soon after, a Coast Guard helicopter landed and took the men to Bartlett Regional Hospital, Mills said."
"This is the time we priests need to be renewing our pledge to celibacy, not questioning it, he wrote."
Kraft's shares fell 25 cents to close at $32.30 yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange.
"On May 22, 2002, the first of Levy's weathered bones were found in Washington's Rock Creek Park."
"Two schools, Duke and North Carolina, have steadfastly opposed expansion."
Media moguls jostled for position as the deadline for bids for Vivendi Universal's U.S. entertainment empire neared on Monday in an auction of some of Hollywood's best-known assets.
"Paul Adams, BAT managing director, will take over as chief executive in January."
"That was up from the year-ago quarter, when the company earned $54.3 million, or 22 cents a share."
The US acknowledgment that it suspects that Mohammed killed Pearl was first reported in yesterday's editions of the Journal.
The product also streams Internet radio and comes with a 30-day free trial for RealNetworks' Rhapsody digital music subscription service.
"The Arizona-based ISM reported Monday that its non-manufacturing index rose to 50.7 last month, from 47.9 in March."
"The result is an overall package that will provide a significant economic growth for our employees over the next few years, he said."
"Former postal worker, Douglas Lindsell, was sentenced yesterday at Kingston Crown Court after pleading guilty to attempting to abduct a young girl."
"The skull is then punctured and the brain suctioned out, causing the skull to collapse and easing passage through the birth canal."
It will appear in the next few weeks on the Web site of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
"If what scientists are observing is truly seasonal change, the planet will continue to brighten for another 20 years."
"France, Russia, China and even staunch ally Britain had advocated a stronger U.N. role, which they said was needed to give a U.S.-backed Iraqi authority international legitimacy."
He was chief executive of BOCHK until he was suddenly recalled to Beijing last month.
The global death toll is 770 with more than 8300 people sickened since the severe acute respiratory syndrome virus first appeared in southern China in November.
A former Utah Power meter reader pleaded guilty Wednesday to bombing a power substation during the 2002 Winter Olympics.
Wal-Mart shares rose 16 cents to close at $58.28 on the New York Stock Exchange.
"When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right,"" said Charles Weisselberg, who teaches law at the University of California, Berkeley."
The company said this impacted earnings by a penny a share.
One of the employees who survived the blast and fire was hospitalized in critical condition in Fort Myers.
"Witness Zulfiqar Ali, who was slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the attackers had focused on the mosque's guards."
"And although he has acted in period dramas before - in screen versions of Jane Austen's ""Persuasion"" and Charlotte Bronte's ""Jane Eyre"" - Henchard is a breed apart."
"Georgia cannot afford to not get funding,"" said county health director Dr. Melinda Rowe."
"It's probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program, Mr. Parsons said at a news conference at NASA headquarters."
"In July, PC-related products were the strongest sector with microprocessors up 5.6 per cent and DRAMs up 8.2 per cent over June."
SCO said it terminated Sequent's contract due to improper transfer of the company's source code and development methods into Linux.
"Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist, a Tennessee Republican, said he intended to work to see that the loan provision was not in the final bill."
The FCC said that it won't request personal identifying information before allowing people to access the wireless network.
"Spending on research and development is expected to be $4.4 billion for the year, compared with the previous expectation of $4.3 billion."
"There is only one drug on the market for macular degeneration, and it is approved to treat only one subtype that represents a minority of cases."
"After the fraud was discovered, San Ramon-based U.S. Wireless restated its financial results, increasing its fiscal year 2000 loss from $11.4 million to $17.7 million."
Analysts surveyed by First Call were expecting sales of $723 million and a loss of 28 cents a share.
"With increasing numbers of Bluetooth-equipped mobile phones coming onto the market, ""people are going to be sorry if they didn't buy a PDA with Bluetooth,"" he said."
Sorkin was to have been tried separately on charges of conspiracy and lying to a grand jury.
"September and third quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly, stated SIA President George Scalise, in a statement."
One of the significant highs Beijing chalked up before APEC was Chinas first space mission on Oct 15.
"Since 2001, the agency has closed bookstores in San Francisco, Boston, Philadelphia, Chicago, Birmingham, Ala., Cleveland, Columbus, Ohio, and Washington."
"These are real crimes that disrupt the lives of real people, Smith said."
"Stack testified that he was not asked to do any work for Triumph until June 1999, after a grand jury investigating Silvester subpoenaed Triumph."
"The plant plans to shut down its first shift and parts of the second shift Monday to accommodate the president's appearance, Crosby said."
The launch marks the start of a race to find life on another planet.
"When varsity coach Kevin McElroy walked into the courthouse with his attorney, the crowd turned their backs on him."
"The Pentagon had hoped to retain control of the postwar effort, so the decision was seen by some insiders as a victory for Powell and the State Department."
"According to an arrest warrant released Tuesday, Dotson admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head ""because Patrick had tried to shoot him."""
"Boston College, Miami and Syracuse are considering leaving the Big East for the Atlantic Coast Conference by the end of the month."
A message left with Spitzer's office as well as Citigroup and Goldman Sachs were not immediately returned.
"On Wednesday, attendees will vote on resolutions that express the Southern Baptist view on issues, but are not binding on individual churches."
"The latest shooting linked to the spree was a Nov. 11 shooting at Hamilton Township Elementary School in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway."
Strayhorn said it was the first time in Texas history a comptroller had not certified the appropriations act.
It had a margin of error of plus or minus five percentage points.
U.S. District Judge William Barbour said he imposed the maximum because Avants showed no remorse.
"By its actions, the Bush administration threatens to give a bad name to a just war, the Connecticut Democrat told a Capitol Hill news conference."
"It beat the previous record of $54.9 set by 1999's ""Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me."""
Yale spokesman Tom Conroy said the university planned to keep the campus running with managers and temporary workers performing union workers' jobs.
Three men and two women who were at the property were arrested under Section 41 of the Terrorism Act 2000.
"The 2 1/2-ton probe will plunge into the thick Jovian atmosphere today at 1:49 p.m. MDT, disintegrating moments later from the friction generated by its 108,000 mph free-fall."
"Joe Nichols, who is touring with Jackson, captured new male vocalist honors, riding back-to-back hits The Impossible and Brokenheartedsville."
"Physicians who perform the procedure would face up to two years in prison, under the bill."
District Superintendent J. Chester Floyd told reporters Monday that McCrackin will be reassigned within the district.
A top aide to Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver was arrested yesterday for allegedly raping a 22-year-old legislative staffer after a night on the town.
"Gateway's all-in-one PC, the Profile 4, also now features the new Intel technology."
"A day earlier, a committee appointed by President Mohammad Khatami had called for an independent inquiry into the 54-year-old photojournalist's death."
"In January, it accused Russia of annexing the region and appealed to the U.N. Security Council to ""assume effective leadership over the peace process."""
Windows was the part of the experience that really resonated with people.
Some women also express concern about a society in which more people than ever are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.
"Tokyo Electric Power Co., Asia's largest power company, restarted the first of 17 nuclear reactors it shut down after admitting it falsified inspection reports."
"Yesterday, the Concorde seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun."
It would be most serious warning since the 15-nation bloc has sent Iran since they began negotiating a trade and cooperation agreement late last year.
"However, it is not possible to say whether it may pose a cancer risk to humans."
"Joanie Harper and Brothers were granted an annulment in September 2001, and Harper was given sole custody of Marques and Lyndsey, court records show."
"The appeal would stop the extradition process and could take several months, Rork said."
"The regime of Saddam Hussein possessed and used weapons of mass destruction, sponsored terrorist groups and inflicted terror on its own people."
"Tyco has said the loan was not forgiven, but that Swartz fully repaid it with interest, according to his lawyer, Charles Stillman."
"Without an adopted resolution, no Iraqi, U.S. or U.N. entity in Baghdad has the legal authority to export oil."
"A $500 million coal-fired power plant, for example, could replace $100 million in equipment yearly without adding new pollution controls."
"His first Father's Day as a dad, his first major as a champion."
"For the full year period ending June 30, 2003, high-speed lines increased by 45 percent."
"In the present case, too, Mr. Day said he hoped there would be an out-of-court settlement, which he estimated could approach $30 million."
"Saturday, officials in California described Gehring as cooperative — but said he has revealed nothing about what has happened to the children."
"In a case in August, a 27-year-old laboratory worker in Singapore developed SARS."
Noteworthy: Cabrera became the second-youngest player to debut for the Marlins -- 20 years and 63 days.
"Thousands of revellers, celebrating the decision, vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages."
"Limits on damages make it less likely lawyers will take expensive cases, meaning access to justice is denied, they say."
"The other 18 people in the building, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend, were not injured, police spokesman Don Aaron said."
The report was found last week tucked inside a training manual that belonged to Hicks.
It has ordered motorists to stay off the streets and petrol stations to shut down during the strike.
"The House of Representative passed an identical amendment on Sept. 9, by a 227-188 vote."
"I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill, Frist, R-Tenn., said Thursday."
The study appears in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association (news - web sites).
"The two invading countries later fell out, and have since backed rival factions."
"U.S. President George W. Bush said he's appointed Paul (Jerry) Bremer, a security and counter-terrorism expert, as presidential envoy to Iraq."
"The program will be expanded to include areas of the Middle East such as Dubai, Turkey and Malaysia, Mr. Ridge said."
"Mr. Florence died Thursday of heart failure, said the couple's lawyer, Maranda Fritz."
Mr Goh said that it was 'especially important given the Sars situation in Singapore'.
"BEA Systems Inc. BEAS.O said on Thursday second-quarter profits rose 28 percent, as revenues grew slightly more than Wall Street expected amid a contracting overall market for business software."
"The statement concluded, ""This ruling is so wrong that we are extremely confident that it will not withstand our appeal"" to the 6th U.S. Circuit Court."
"Minister Saud al-Faisal's visit was disclosed by two administration officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity."
"This will be a marathon, not a sprint, said Jimmy D. Staton, senior vice president of operations at Dominion Virginia Power."
"Since late last year, for example, more than 1,800 members of the American military have been placed in Djibouti to conduct counterterrorism operations in the Horn of Africa."
"Even with time, he said, ""it's going to be very difficult to determine the cause of death."""
"The format must be formally ratified by an internationally recognized standards organization, and IP must be licensed under reasonable, non-discriminatory terms, they added."
A photograph of the doctor's son holding the guitar appeared in the National Enquirer two weeks after Harrison's death.
Gonzales was found guilty of using excessive force by spraying Olvera with pepper spray.
"As many as 1,200 students at Wheaton College will gather in the gym Friday night for the first real dance in the Christian school's 143-year history."
A federal appeals court on Thursday overturned a judge's order that would have forced Microsoft to include competitor Sun Microsystems' Java software in its Windows operating system.
"On Sunday, four Palestinian militants were killed by an explosion in the northern Gaza Strip."
Parents received letters informing them of the possible contamination yesterday.
"She says she stayed in the marriage because she still loved him, although, ""as a wife, I wanted to wring Bill's neck""."
"Nevertheless, PeopleSoft must review Oracle's tender offer and make a recommendation to shareholders."
But American troops will not shrink from mounting raids in the locations of their foes that can be pinpointed.
"In an accompanying editorial, two breast cancer researchers said that the effect of hormones on the breast created a double whammy that was ""almost unique"" in medicine."
"In addition, two of his cousins - members of the Jordanian royal family - have been mentioned as possible competition for the throne."
"A neighbor said a woman's body was dug up in a duffel bag, and the other was encased in concrete."
"The governments of those countries have said that despite rising public opposition, their support will not waver."
He added Democrats are not going to make progress if we dont broaden the tent.
"Friends of Animals, which touts 200,000 members, was behind a successful tourism boycott that resulted in then-Gov. Walter J. Hickel imposing a moratorium on wolf control in 1992."
"The ingredients of such a polypill would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering statin, three blood pressure-lowering agents in half dose, and folic acid."
"A recent poll showed Edwards in a virtual four-way tie at the top in South Carolina, and he plans a rally there later on Tuesday."
"According to the State Department list, about 25 nations have signed bilateral agreements in the past four months, about half in the past three weeks."
"The Leader of the Opposition, Simon Crean, said from Jakarta that the reshuffle had been forced by ministerial incompetence."
"Residents of 220 homes forced out of their houses Sunday returned Monday, many to flooded basements or lower floors."
"The Americas market will decline 2.1 percent to $30.6 billion in 2003, and then grow 15.7 percent to $35.4 billion in 2004."
"State wildlife officials have concluded that the Florida-grown fluorescent zebra fish poses no danger, and they have recommended that it be exempted from the state's ban."
"The FTC signed up 50 million phone numbers for the list, which was due to go into effect October 1."
The promises of lawsuits came within four days of the crash and before the National Transportation Safety Board had finished the investigation.
"It remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short- or long-lived, said James Sprayregen, UAL bankruptcy attorney, in court."
Freddie expects Brendsel to continue serving as chair of the Freddie Mac Foundation.
"For lofts, the board proposed increases of 4 percent for one-year leases and 7 percent for two-year renewals."
Two Inland Valley lawmakers revealed it might be possible for Democrats to entice some Republicans to support a tax hike.
Smithfield shares rose more than 8 per cent yesterday as the company said it expected the transaction to boost earnings immediately.
Human Genome said ABthrax could be available for emergency use as early as the end of 2004.
Lindsay Frost and Dylan Baker played Elizabeth Smart's parents.
"The council includes 13 Shiites, five Kurds, five Sunnis, one Christian and one Turkoman."
"Nancy Reagan issued a statement last week to the Fox News Channel saying, ""The timing of [the miniseries] is absolutely staggering to me."
The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates.
"Whether it works out timewise with all four, I don't know but we will see what happens."""
The three-story brick building houses apartments in the upper floors and the Snack Bar and Caf on its downstairs.
The FBI is trying to determine when White House officials and members of the vice president's staff focused on Wilson and learned about his wife's employment.
"Separated by a few metres, Mr Laczynski pressed against the metal fence which divides court officials from the crowd."
The US National Hurricane Center said the hurricane was heading toward the Texas coast and could strengthen before it hits land later in the day.
"After more than two years in detention by the State Security Bureau, the four were found guilty last Wednesday of subversion."
The American Roman Catholic archdiocese of Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 sex abuse lawsuits involving priests.
"There are three warships with 2,300 Marines lingering off its coast."
General Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force aboard the command ship Mount Whitney.
"The network will drop one edition of ""Dateline,"" its newsmagazine franchise."
"The new jury consisted of eight blacks, two whites and two jurors of Guyanese descent."
The Emeryville-based toy company filed suit Friday claiming Fisher-Price is violating its 1998 patent on interactive-learning books for toddlers and preschoolers.
"The fire is going to have great potential to get in there tomorrow, he said."
"The Agriculture Department already has issued a recall for beef slaughtered along with the infected cow Dec. 9 at a meat company in Moses Lake, Wash."
"The numbers are starting to change very, very quickly, Dr. Julie Gerberding, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, said Thursday."
"At the company-sponsored TechEd conference in Dallas, Microsoft executives will announce that two key products will enter customer testing this U.S. summer."
"We have prevented a very large number of infections and a significant amount of clinical disease, Goodman said."
"But six months ago, the two sides managed to strike a $6.8-billion debt rollover deal, which expires in August."
The Democratic sample has an error margin of plus or minus 6.1 percent.
"But Vincent Weafer, security director with Symantec Security Response, said all the virus did was visit a pornography site."
"Dr Mark McClean, the family's GP, said had the drug been administered to Jonathan earlier, he would have retained more of his brain function."
"Earlier this week, Putnam said the Manhattan U.S. Attorney had subpoenaed its trading documents, raising the possibility of a criminal indictment."
"It is expected to reach Earth about 3 p.m. EDT Friday, and its effects could last 12 to 18 hours."
"The two blond opponents appeared almost identical because they wore matching powder-blue outfits - to their dismay."""
"Computer Associates, EMC, IBM, Sun Microsystems, and VERITAS are also onboard to support the storage standard."
There is a tradition of Labor Day racing in the Inland Valley.
"The program, which only briefly downloads the pornographic material to the usurped computer, is invisible to the computer's owner."
The Ministry of Defence said yesterday: “We can confirm that an investigation is being conducted into allegations surrounding a British officer who served in Iraq.
Ex-Bears star William 'the Refrigerator' Perry competes in the Nathan's Famous Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest Friday.
It's a cluster of 44 IBM servers with a peak speed of 7.3 trillion calculations per second.
"While news on consumer confidence rising is welcomed, it is not a factor in determining gross domestic product whereas new home sales do."
But Democrats can block any potential nominee through a filibuster if they can get 41 votes.
"She insisted, though, that it not be published until after her death."
"Added Rep. Howard Berman, D-Calif.: ""Some of us find that the collateral damage is greater than it needs to be in the conduct of this war."""
"The company added: ""IBM believes that the investigation arises from a separate investigation by the SEC of a customer of  IBM's Retail Store Solutions unit."
"It was never the intention of us to sell product, federal Health Minister Anne McLellan said yesterday in Edmonton."
Both devices use Palm OS 5.2 and feature a completely new form factor that resembles a miniature notebook with a screen that swivels 180 degrees.
The FTC decision is viewed as the final leg in a longstanding legal saga that has dragged on for years.
The new name will be Terrorism Information Awareness.
"It is not clear whether the apology to Sir Richard - known as ""C"" - was written on the orders of the Prime Minister or on Mr Campbell's own initiative."
"Another 29 cases were listed as suspected, and officials warned that 107 other people showing possible SARS symptoms were being monitored."
"He said they should ""not really be patrolling or be around those areas when they are in their time of when they're conducting their prayers."""
"Last week its American owners, AES Corp, walked away from the plant after banks and bondholders refused to accept its financial restructuring offer."
"As he sat down to hear the indictment, Samudra looked over to his nine lawyers and shouted ""Takbir!"", or ""Proclaim!"", a religious rallying cry."
In 1999 the American Film Institute named Hepburn as the 20th century's greatest screen actress.
Also at increased risk are those with suppressed immune systems due to illness or medicines.
"In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 advanced and Britain's FTSE 100 each gained 0.7 percent, while Germany's DAX index rose 0.6 percent."
"I think the longer the series goes, the more chance Dirk has to play, Nelson said."
"It turned out that the ""weapon"" was part of a Halloween costume."
"Chinese language Web portals also support 3721 keywords, the Web site said."
"Justice John Paul Stevens compared the interrogation to ""an attempt to obtain an involuntary confession from a prisoner by torturous methods."""
"But turning the corner doesn't mean crossing the finish line, Gregory said at the bishops' annual meeting here."
"Congress twice passed similar bills, but then-President Clinton vetoed them both times."
Advanced Micro Devices on Tuesday launched its newest Athlon chip for workstations and servers.
It has also said it would review all of its domestic employees more than 1 million to ensure they have legal status.
"Quarterly profit climbed to $73.1 million, or 33 cents a share, from $20.8 million, or 10 cents, a year earlier, the company said."
Hussein loyalists have been blamed for sabotaging the nation's infrastructure and attacking US soldiers.
"Lawrence E. Alibozek, his former deputy chief of staff, pleaded guilty to accepting cash and gold coins in exchange for influencing state contracts."
"I never thought I'd say this, but I almost missed Vin Diesel at first."
Schafer said the governor would be open to offering that last license for a riverboat in Chicago.
"This blackout was largely preventable, Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said at a press conference this afternoon."
"Congress passed the measure twice and President Bill Clinton (news - web sites), citing the lack of a health exception, vetoed it."
"The Justice Department on Aug. 19 sanctioned the Oct. 7 date for recall election, saying it would not affect voting rights."
Shares of Redwood Shores-based Oracle rose 14 cents to $13.62.
"At first blush, then, the creators of the registry would seem to have drawn the line between exempted and banned calls in the right place."
"The answer is clearly yes,"" said Dr. Larry Norton, deputy physician-in-chief for breast-cancer programs at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York City."
"We must not engage in borough warfare, the Comptroller William Thompson told the Council, according to his written testimony."
The reports are among several published this week in the Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology.
The legal ruling follows three days of wild volatility in RIM's stock over speculation that PC giant Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.
Ridge said no real explosives or harmful devices will be used in the exercise.
"Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, became a born-again Christian in June 2002."
"Not only giving his blessing but he asked that we hit the target well."""
"Cullen, 43, is charged with killing a Roman Catholic Church official and attempting to kill another patient at Somerset Medical Center in Somerville."
"Already in beta, Veritas' File System, Volume Manager and Cluster Server products for SuSE Enterprise Linux Server should drop into the hands of customers in early 2004."
"But Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said the ""somewhat ambiguous ruling"" by regulators might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product."
The research adds to the evidence that diet may affect a person's chances of developing the mind-robbing disease that afflicts more than four million North Americans.
"The Russell 2000 index, which tracks smaller company stocks, fell 1.40, or 0.3 percent, to 408.83."
"I called the number and the lady told me she was talking on the phone to Toby Studabaker."""
"As part of the changes BAT said managing director, Paul Adams, 50, would become chief executive from January 1."
"He ran last year for the Democratic nomination for Texas governor, but lost the primary to multimillionaire Tony Sanchez."
"But as time passed and more people were shot, Moose had to admit that he couldn't give the public what it needed most from the police - safety."
"She loved them so much, added Blossom Medley, who also looked after Johnson's foster kids."
"Sheena Young, a spokesman for Child, the national infertility support network, said the proposed guidelines should lead to a more ""fair and equitable"" service for infertility sufferers."
"The feature, which has the approval of book publishers, puts some 33 million pages of searchable text at the disposal of Amazon.com shoppers."
Eustachy disclosed this week that he is an alcoholic and is seeking treatment.
"In Taiwan, officials handed out free thermometers in an island-wide ``take-your-temperature'' campaign amid signs containment efforts were paying off."
"He continued, ""although the preconditions for recovery remain in place,"" prospects for British exports were ""weaker than previously expected."""
"Oracle's offer undervalues the company and is not in the best interest of PeopleSoft stockholders, said PeopleSoft President and CEO Craig Conway, in the statement."
"Clinton’s national security adviser, Sandy Berger, said in an interview that the White House was not informed of the FBI activities."
"The Virginia attorney-general, Jerry Kilgore, accused the Supreme Court of undermining ""Virginia's right to pass legislation that reflects the views and values of our citizens""."
"The house shooting expands the investigation area east by three kilometres, with the police now examining an 11-kilometre section of the freeway."
"The decision came a year after Whipple ended federal oversight of school busing as well as the district's racial balance, facilities and budget."
"However, applications will have to be rewritten to take advantage of such capabilities."
Media giant Vivendi Universal has given itself two weeks to sift through offers for its U.S. entertainment empire in a multi-billion dollar auction of some of Hollywood's best-known assets.
"Avants, wearing a light brown jumpsuit, had tubes in his nose and a portable oxygen tank beside him."
"Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin (news - web sites) and President Bush (news - web sites)."
"It has sought observer status for seven years, but was again rebuffed May 19 at the annual WHO conference in Geneva."
He blamed the blast on guerillas from the Taliban regime overthrown in late 2001 and said it was possible the bomber was killed in the blast.
"We have found the smoking gun, said Hubbard, director of NASA's Ames Research Center in California."
"After talks, Russian and Saudi energy ministers signed a five-year agreement on cooperation in the oil and gas industry."
"He has declined to comment on the charges, but court documents show that a lingering medical condition could contribute to his defense."
The servers can run Solaris x86 operating system or the standard Linux operating system.
"Police chief Superintendent Jesus Verzosa, who heads the national police intelligence group, which had custody of Al-Ghozi, offered his resignation, and Ebdane accepted it."
"But Peterson added, I dont know anybody in the conference committee whos fighting to keep it out completely."
"Three undocumented immigrants were found dead inside a railroad hopper car Tuesday, two days after fellow immigrants escaped the sweltering car and left behind their weakened companions."
Donations stemming from the Sept. 11 attacks helped push up contributions to human service organizations by 15 percent and to large branches of the United Way by 28.6 percent.
The company said it would renew its guidance for 2003 when it announces its second quarter results in mid-July.
"He failed a field sobriety test and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 – well above Tennessee's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10, the report said."
"The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.48 points, or 1.06 percent, to 1,661.51, based on the latest available figures."
"The court Monday reversed the decision of that court, the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals."
Dick is going to be there as long as Dick wants to be there.
"In lieu of a direct patch, Microsoft has proposed a workaround that consumers can implement until a new patch is released."
"Their biological daughter Renee Jackson, 29, said she made huge pots of beans and rice, and meat and casseroles."
"These days, death-penalty backers in the legislature acknowledge that they are outnumbered."
The tax is expected to raise $90 million.
Jirsa will be introduced as the 25th Marshall basketball coach today at a press conference in the Henderson Center’s Big Green Room.
"A new worm has been spreading rapidly across the Internet, sometimes pretending to be an e-mail from Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates, antivirus vendors said Monday."
Two British women lost a desperate court battle on Wednesday to have babies using frozen embryos their former partners want destroyed.
"His attorney, Christopher Wilson, said Young is disputing the accusations through the NASD's hearing process."
"The findings, published Tuesday in the Journal of the American Medical Association, were the latest bad news about estrogen-progestin therapy."
"Four men were arrested and have been charged with attempted murder, torture, rape, assault, armed robbery and burglary."
The latest in the kingdom's almost weekly raids on alleged terror cells comes after a US Congress report accused Saudi Arabia of not doing enough to counter terrorism.
The move came after Culture Minister Jean-Jacques Aillagon announced the government would impose cuts to unemployment benefits despite howls of protest from actors.
"In 1995, the last survey, those numbers were equal."
"Asked about other possible attacks, Roberts said: “I don’t think there’s any question about it that they’re going to be very global in nature."
"The Commerce Department imposed a 44.71 percent tariff on dynamic random access memory semiconductors, or DRAMS, made by Hynix Semiconductor Inc."
"By its actions, Lieberman said, ""the Bush administration threatens to give a bad name to a just war."""
Two Atlanta-based companies that have not been accused of wrongdoing -- Delta Air Lines and Home Depot -- were also mentioned by witnesses as having excessive pay packages for CEOs.
"Clark, one of nine Democrats seeking the nomination, said the program would cost about $100 million a year and would be within the Department of Homeland Security."
"The deal also boosts SuSE's sales reach worldwide and enhances HP's Linux business, they said."
"America says 1,882 of its service personnel are listed as missing in action and unaccounted for."
The anguish could be heard in the voices of Mr Forlong's television colleagues who would speak.
"In crafting the tax relief packages, the president has always had both the short-term and the long-term in mind, Buchan said."
"Strong Financial released a statement Wednesday night: ""We are in the process of a thorough internal review."
Weather forecasters are warning of heavy rainfall that could wash out part of the holiday weekend.
Their differences on energy and Medicare have become so pointed other members say it is embarrassing to the party.
They appear in the Oct. 23 issue of The New England Journal of Medicine.
He plans to announce the effort formally tomorrow in Cincinnati alongside several union presidents.
The judge had told the state Department of Mental Health to find supervised housing and treatment for DeVries somewhere in California.
The stock remains 43 percent below levels prior to the February overstatement news.
"Georgia Bureau of Investigation spokesman John Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was ""very methodical."""
"It's just another example of the global war on terrorism and why this is going to be a long effort."""
"Companies are working with the FDA and academics ""to try and get some firm answers and not just speculation,"" Jarman said."
"The warnings were issued on Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia, Tanzania and Uganda."
"A statement from the allied command said that the raid was part of ""the continued effort to eradicate Baath Party loyalists, paramilitary groups and other subversive elements."""
"Investigators continue to probe virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, the former mayor has said."
"The only passenger airline serving Baghdad, Royal Jordanian, said it was suspending service for three days."
"According to an arrest warrant released Tuesday, Dotson admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head ""because Patrick had tried to shoot him."""
"For the full year period ending June 30, 2003, high-speed lines increased by 45 percent."
"John Clare, Dixons chief executive, objected to the Commission's findings."
He is charged in three bombings in Atlanta including a blast at the 1996 Olympics and one in Alabama.
"But the judge, Louis York, said the authority can hold another set of public hearings on raising commuting costs afterward."
Relief is in sight for Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners insurance premiums.
"Three months into the study, the Atkins group had lost an average of about 15 pounds, compared with five for the low-fat group."
"His band in the early 1930s included pianist Teddy Wilson, saxophonist Chu Berry, trombonist J.C. Higginbotham and drummer Sid Catlett."
"Vermillion, Posey and Madison County populations will decline."
"As of Monday, there were 66 probable cases in and around Toronto, a city of 4 million people."
"Intel spokesman Chuck Mulloy said the company was disappointed and assessing its ""options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel."""
"Within WSE 2.0, WS-Trust, WS-SecureConversation build on WS-Security and define extensions to request and issue security tokens and to manage relationships and secure conversations."
"I am therefore unaware of any genuine entries concerning rapes by British servicemen in police records, the spokesman said."
Lieberman and other psychiatrists noted that other studies of SSRIs in children also have failed to find large differences in effectiveness between the drugs and placebos.
"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilization, Mr. Powell said in a speech to fellow NATO ministers."
BALI bomber Amrozi claims he was inspired to launch an attack on the tourist island after his Australian boss revealed Bali was a haven for sinful behaviour of Westerners.
The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business to 45 percent from 23 percent.
"North American stock markets got off to a slow start Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings."
"Workplace Messaging is $29, Workplace Team Collaboration is $89, and Collaborative Learning is $35."
"The record-setting pace of new personal bankruptcies continued in the 12 months ending Sept. 30, with their number rising 7.8 percent, according to data released Friday."
"Storage, networking and wireless products will be prevalent at the show."
It would take three votes to kill the ACC's expansion.
"The attacks came two days after suicide bombers detonated a truck bomb in a Government compound in northern Chechnya, killing 59."
"On Wednesday, at 7.51pm, Mars will be the closest to Earth it has been for 59,619 years."
"Last year, Bloomberg snubbed the affair after being told he couldn't march with cast members of the ""The Sopranos."""
"In Sweden, 99 percent of women are literate, compared with only 8 percent of women in Niger."
Several of the audience questions were new to the candidates as well.
"But the Russell 2000, the barometer of stocks of smaller companies, had a weekly gain of 3.71, or 0.9 percent, closing at 418.40."
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid launched a similar consumer tool for nursing homes last year.
But labor leaders say it is often hard for these people to join a union because many employers aggressively fight organizing efforts.
"The lawyer for Hollins Jr., Thomas Royce, has said his client had no link to the company that owned and operated E2."
"About 130,000 US soldiers remain in Iraq, with others serving in Afghanistan, South Korea, Japan, Germany and elsewhere."
The high today will be about 92 degrees and will drop to 90 degrees Sunday and Monday.
"If convicted, he faces a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine."
"Identical wording was introduced in the Senate last week by three Republicans: Wayne Allard of Colorado, Jeff Sessions of Alabama and Sam Brownback of Kansas."
"This framework will be based on the company's work with the ObjectWeb consortium, Apache Software Foundation and the Eclipse IDE community."
"It warned that London, among a number of other cities, was facing an increasing threat of a suicide bomb attack."
"This is a cloud hanging over their credibility, their word, Hagel said on ABC's ""This Week."""
"And tuition at two-year community colleges jumps $300, or 12 percent, to $2,800."
"Smith, 59, is charged with filing false reports to FBI headquarters about Leung's reliability and allowing her access to classified materials."
"Before that he held various posts in Virginia, including deputy attorney general."
"I am not giving any consideration to resignation,"" Shumaker said in a statement."
Gansas got more bad news yesterday from the city Department of Transportation - a hearing officer recommended that he be fired.
"El Watan, an Algerian newspaper, reported that the kidnappers put up fierce resistance during the army assault, firing Kalashnikov rifles."
"Beginning sometime next year, holders of existing paper bonds will be encouraged to exchange them for electronic versions."
Secretary of State Colin Powell said yesterday that contacts with Iran would continue.
DJs will pay homewares and furniture group Freedom $10 million to take over the Foodchain store leases.
"In the evening, he asked for six pepperoni pizzas and two six-packs of soft drinks, which officers delivered."
The Treasury said wants to give retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability eventually to manage holdings online in a single account.
"Up to a foot of rain and at least seven tornadoes pounded southern Nebraska and northern Kansas, killing a man and destroying at least four homes."
"Voters in Cleveland Heights, Ohio, approved a proposal allowing same-sex couples -- and also unmarried heterosexual couples -- to officially register as domestic partners."
"A passer-by found the boy hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m. Thursday, with his feet free but his hands still taped."
"Above the clasped hands is a tomahawk crossed by a peace pipe, signifying peace."
But the plan was abandoned as some in the group were uncomfortable the victims would be schoolchildren.
"Since then, Acacia has spent little time with her grandmother."
Ms. Johnson's site is www.katyjohnson .com. Mr. Max's is www.tuckermax.com.
Sources say this decision was a direct result of the decision to release Boudin.
Whitney said officials evacuated a camp where 250 people were expected to arrive Sunday.
"An outspoken opponent of terrorism, Professor Said's principal political allies were among the Palestinian intellectuals and civic leaders who have stood aside from the Arafat-dominated PLO and Palestinian Authority."
"Lee, 33, said the girl had dragged the food, toys and other things into her mother's bedroom."
"Doctors said that one or both of the boys may die and that if they survive, some brain damage is possible."
"In a telephone interview, Don Asper called the attack ""bothersome,"" before he and his wife contacted the firm's web site provider to have the vandalised page replaced."
"The Stone's Four Flicks DVD, set to be released Nov. 11 from TGA Entertainment, is expected to be one of the holiday season's best sellers."
"Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won for best actress in a musical."
Another recent study found that 12 million adults have been diagnosed with diabetes and another 5 million adults have the condition but don't know it.
"It upheld fallback rules that bar the same groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time."
"Sobig.F spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in e-mails that contain such familiar headings as ""Thank You!,"" ""Re: Details"" or ""Re: That Movie."""
Police said three of them had also been detained last week and held for two days as suspects over recent bomb attacks.
"Intel on Wednesday unveiled its next-generation processor for cell phones, PDAs, and other wireless devices."
"India has also in the past blamed Pakistan-based militants fighting Indian rule in Kashmir, its only Muslim-majority state, for bombs and other attacks."
Mr. Ebbers' attorney Reid Weingarten said he expects Mr. Ebbers to be exonerated.
"Automatic gunfire rattled windows in the Qadesiya neighborhood at midday today, a largely Arab area that borders a Kurdish quarter."
"Big Blue will integrate Adobe's Form Server, Form Designer and Reader products with its DB2 Content Manager and DB2 CommonStore products designed for businesses."
"The tube was removed Wednesday from Terri Schiavo, 39, at the Tampa Bay-area hospice where she has lived for several years."
"The European Commission, the EU's powerful executive body, described the move as ""legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful."""
"Amazon's shares yesterday closed at $54.32 on the Nasdaq Stock Market, up 29 cents."
"The United Nations has about 700 troops on the ground, but they have neither the mandate nor the manpower to stop the fighting."
"In CNN's latest move to rejuvenate ratings, the network has ousted Teya Ryan, general manager of U.S. programming."
The cargo was to be taken to a Turkish refinery on the Aegean coast.
"APEC leaders are painfully aware that security and prosperity are inseparable, Thaksin said."
Moore did not have an immediate response Tuesday.
Conte said Druce will be charged with murder.
"However, the new vaccine won't begin to be tested in people until 2005 and won't be approved for use for several years after that."
Dave Delainey agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors in exchange for the plea.
"Kelly Boggs, Baptist Press' weekly columnist, will be writing a column each day during the Southern Baptist Convention's annual meeting this week in Phoenix."
"His movies include ""Malcolm X,"" ""Summer of Sam,"" ""Jungle Fever"" and ""Do the Right Thing."""
"An hour later Israeli attack helicopters rained missiles on a car in Gaza City, killing seven people, Palestinian sources said."
"Meanwhile in southern Iraq, the United States released more Iraqi prisoners of war, and officials announced that all would be let go soon."
"The hospital has been guarded by more than a dozen undercover police and military intelligence officers, said officials."
Malvo goes on trial next month in the death of an FBI analyst.
"Opponents said they had 1.1 million signatures on petitions opposing the recall, though those petitions would have no legal effect."
"The court and the public need to know more of the defendants' seemingly massive fraud, he said."
"People in a van opened fire on a pickup and SUV believed to be transporting illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool."
"Mark Beaumont, a staff writer at music magazine NME, said he doesn't expect a rapturous welcome for Jackson if he goes ahead with his visit to England."
"Around the same time, hospital officials in and near Chicago will notice a sudden increase in people complaining of flu-like symptoms."
"The broadside came during the recording on Saturday night of a Christmas concert attended by top Vatican cardinals, bishops and many elite of Italian society, witnesses said."
Security assessments of these facilities should take place every three years.
"Beckham will pocket a weekly salary of about $213,000 and earn $10 million a year, plus bonuses."
"But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups, such as race, pushed the state onto the needs-improvement list under the federal No Child Left Behind Act."
Vaccine makers have been thrust into the limelight as government programs encourage wider vaccination amid fears of biological attacks.
"Pope John Paul has health problems but is firmly in charge of the Roman Catholic Church, the pope's top aide told Reuters on Friday."
"Mr Berlusconi is accused of bribing judges to influence a takeover battle in the 1980s involving SME, a state-owned food company."
"The worm attacks Windows computers via a hole in the operating system, which Microsoft warned of 16 July."
The legal settlement resolves the private anti-trust lawsuit filed against Microsoft in January 2002 by AOL Time Warner's America Online unit on behalf of its Netscape subsidiary.
She took the highly unusual step of skipping cabinet to attend a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
Federal regulators have changed their minds on a proposed $2.8 billion merger of ice cream giants Nestle Holdings and Dreyer's Grand Ice Cream.
Governor Rod Blagojevich said he would not balance the state budget with gambling revenues.
"In her testimony, Kate Hannum said she was 5 1/2 months pregnant when her mother was killed."
Chief financial officer Andy Bryant has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected.
"Investigators matched the dead womans teeth to Aronovs dental records Wednesday morning, medical examiners spokeswoman Ellen Borakove said."
Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) to report earnings after the close.
Platinum prices soared to 23-year highs earlier this year after U.S. President George W. Bush proposed investing $1.2 billion for research on fuel cell-powered vehicles.
A verbal flare-up between Keating and Mahony began when the cardinal initially refused to participate in that survey unless procedures were changed.
"Bremer said he would launch a $70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across Iraq and build community projects, but gave no details."
"The boy's mother, Patricia Cooper, started coming to the church about three months ago after she met one of its members at a doctor's office, Hemphill said."
"Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state long has coveted this piece of property, and is eager to complete the deal."
"Athough Prempro pills were used in the study, the researchers say they have no evidence that other brands are safer."
Low-income earners would pay a 5 percent rate for both capital gains and corporate dividends.
"Other gainers included Lexmark, which rose $US3.95 to $US63.35, recouping some of the $US14.10 it lost Monday."
"NEC's pitching its wireless gear and management software to a variety of industries, including healthcare and hospitality, a company spokesman said."
NBC also announced that it has extended its deal with Warner Brothers Television to keep ER on the air for at least three more seasons.
"One old woman, disconsolate with grief, smeared her face with dirt, only able to utter: ""My child, my child."""
Belcher said the airport's conference room was serving as a makeshift shelter for several area families who hiked up the wooded hillside in advance of rising water.
"Shortly after his arrest, detectives told Deasean's father, Stelly Chisolm, a college student, and mother, Kimberly Hill, a medical assistant, about the development."
"Shalom said there was also a possibility that ""the president will come to this area."""
Fujitsu Siemens Computers on Tuesday made good on a promise to offer a workstation based on Advanced Micro Devices' Opteron processor.
The NIST discovered that in 1999 the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches.
"I think we have some opportunities -- some small opportunities -- in November and possibly January, he said."
AstraZeneca says just 1pc of people of those taking the drug worldwide have suffered serious consequences.
"The Department of Foreign Affairs yesterday updated its travel warning on Indonesia, recommending all non-essential travel be deferred because of concerns that more terrorist attacks were planned."
Then they moved inside the mosque and started firing on the people.
"AOL Communicator can consolidate e-mail from multiple AOL screen names, as well as from other POP and IMAP-based e-mail accounts."
"In addition, ""fewer than 10"" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to Islamic mosques, the Justice Department said."
"Despite such optimism, Taiwan's SARS crisis threatened to whirl out of control in the last week of May."
"This was a persistent problem which has not been solved, mechanically and physically, said board member Steven Wallace."
"This is going to put a severe crimp in our reserves, O'Keefe said during a breakfast with reporters."
"The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921."
The family was last seen July 6 and their bodies were found Tuesday.
"They found that 6.4 percent of men on finasteride had high-grade tumors, compared to 5.1 percent taking a placebo."
"Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure, said his daughter, Nina Axelrod."
"Fires in Spain's Extramadura region bordering Portugal, and Avila province forced hundreds of people to leave their homes."
"The number of host names using BSD is nearing 4 million, whereas the number of active sites is nearly 2 million, Netcraft said."
"Adolescent specialist Dr. Michael Cohen, who worked on the study, said doctors had treated 8-year-old children with anorexia _ and that he had once treated a 4-year-old boy."
"Everything is going to move everywhere, Douglas J. Feith, undersecretary of defence force policy, is quoted as saying."
Apple noted that half the songs were purchased as part of albums.
"Last week, former chief financial officer Franklyn Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy and agreed to cooperate with the government's investigation."
"A gunman stormed into the Lakeside post office and took two employees hostage Wednesday, San Diego County authorities said."
"The search was concentrated in northeastern Pennsylvania, but State Police Trooper Tom Kelly acknowledged that Selenski could be out of the area."
"By 2007, antivirus solutions will carry a worldwide price tag double that of 2002: $4.4 billion."
The agency said it had no plans to release the name of the teenager involved because he was a minor.
"Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling...against little or no competition, Hubach said in the statement."
"Palm said on Wednesday it plans to buy Handspring, a company created by renegade Palm co-founder Jeff Hawkins."
"State Rep. Ron Wilson, a Houston Democrat, joined nine Republicans in approving the bill Saturday."
"Feeling rejection as an acute pain may have developed as a defence mechanism for the species, Eisenberger said."
"At the same time, the number of injuries dropped, from 3.03 million in 2001 to 2.92 million in 2002."
"Together, we will find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the 'new America' consumer."""
Two federal agencies are investigating telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
"Sen. Richard Shelby, a Republican from Alabama, chairman of the Senate Banking Committee, wasn't rushing to endorse the legislation, said committee spokesman Andrew Gray."
"Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, inspectors will be fingerprinting and photographing many foreign passengers arriving in Atlanta."
"Kerr, who won three NBA titles with Chicago and one with the Spurs in 1999, finished with 12 points, three assists and two rebounds."
Microsoft has been awarded a patent on a popular instant-messaging feature that shows users when the person on the other end of the conversation is typing a message.
"CBS said the show ""does not present a balanced portrayal of the Reagans for CBS and its audience."
Some are also used to send spam e-mail messages to boost traffic to the sites.
There is no clear successor for Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai.
"The lawsuit named Secretary of State Kevin Shelley, a Democrat, and the registrars of voters in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties."
"Board member Douglas Osheroff, a Nobel-prize winning Stanford physicist, said: ""There were some extremely bad decisions."
Macromedia is piloting this product activation system in Contribute to test whether to roll it out to other products.
"KBR is left with no option for providing these services from Kuwait other than to continue obtaining them from Altanmia, the document said."
"The state previously conducted two triple executions and two double executions, a practice it says is intended to reduce stress on the prison staff."
Service officials said Carlson refused to recuse himself from the case.
Clayton Homes' stock ceased trading on the New York Stock Exchange after Wednesday's close.
"Her father, Roma King Florin Cioaba, had her brought back and she was promptly married against her will."
"Nuremberg, Germany-based SuSE will license Sun's Java 2 Standard Edition (J2SE) and ship Sun's Java Virtual Machine across its Linux software line."
"But with the Prime Minister due to leave tomorrow, a day early, he may not be present when the final decision is made."
"He agrees that technically smoking could be considered a disability, giving smokers the right to take complaints to the Human Rights Commission or Human Rights Review Tribunal."
"JAPAN added to growing international pressure on Burma yesterday, threatening to halt its hefty economic aid unless the military government released pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi."
"Guidant officials said Monday that Menlo Park, Calif.-based Endovascular would continue to ship the device and provide support to patients until October."
"Not surprisingly, broadband nation Korea leads the way in broadband penetration, with approximately 21 broadband subscribers for every 100 inhabitants."
"Less than a month after leaving as host of ""Dateline NBC,"" Pauley agreed Thursday to launch a daytime talk show for NBC Enterprises."
"I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel J. Michael Boxley, Silver said."
Gov. Bob Holden asked Bush to declare 39 Missouri counties disaster areas.
"And when butterflies were exposed to constant light, they flew directly toward the sun, apparently having lost their sense of time."
He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Sandra Day O'Connor and Antonin Scalia.
"Sliding down the embankment, the two rescuers hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull."
"Nokia's market share for the second quarter is estimated to be higher than the first quarter, 2003."""
"Network security products maker Secure Computing said Tuesday it is acquiring content filtering firm N2H2 for $20 million, furthering consolidation in an already competitive market."
The organizers of the University Games were hoping North Korea's participation would help boost inter-Korean reconciliation in the leadup to a crucial summit in Beijing this week.
Vivendi argues the agreement was not approved by its board and that the payoff was inappropriate given the state of Vivendi's finances at the time.
The FBI arrested a suburban Chicago man Wednesday and charged him with secretly collecting information on individuals in the United States who opposed Saddam Hussein's Iraqi government.
The interview Thursday came a day after Britain's Daily Mirror reported Sahhaf had been taken into custody.
The European Commission is expected to issue its decision in the case next spring — unless a settlement is reached.
Last week the Securities and Exchange Commission said its staff was preparing to draw up rules to combat trading abuses.
"On Monday, a suicide car bomber blew himself up close to the United Nations compound in Baghdad, also killing a security guard."
"A White House spokesman added that Iran had ""one last chance"" to comply with its disarmament obligations."
"Matthew Lovett, 18, of Oaklyn, N.J., was among those arrested."
"Moroccan Interior Minister Al Mustapha Sahel told state-run 2M television late Saturday the investigation ""points to a group that has been arrested recently"" an apparent reference to Salafist Jihad."
"Happy people sleep better, have better diets, exercise more and have less levels of stress hormones, Cohen said."
"Two hours later, at 3:22 p.m., a relative contacted police to report a suicide."
"Some Wall Street analysts believe stocks have rallied too far, too fast, given the muddled picture of the economy provided by recent data."
"E Ink is one of several companies working to develop electronic ""paper"" for e-newspapers and e-books, and other possible applications _ even clothing with computer screens sewn into it."
"The third and final film, ""The Matrix Revolutions,"" will be released in November."
"The board's final report, which is expected in late August, will stop short of assigning individual blame for the accident ."
"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats - international terrorists, Graham said, ""this Bush administration chose to settle old scores."""
"He said the royal family has poisoned the princes' ""little minds."""
About 31 percent of Americans are now obese — roughly 30 or more pounds over a healthy weight.
"In my mind this is not an issue on the horizon right now, he was quoted as saying."
"The two victims buried in the yard were not identified, though authorities said at least one has been there about a year."
"But the bureau never kept tabs on al-Bayoumi—despite receiving prior information he was a secret Saudi agent, the report says."
They said they only wanted to be entertaining and win the a prize and were fired for exercising free-speech rights.
State GOP Chairman Kris Warner said the GOP would not shy away in 2004 from referring to Wise's problems.
"United Airways plans to offer in-flight, two-way e-mail on all domestic flights by the end of the year, becoming the first U.S. carrier to do so."
"Although sex crimes Det.-Sgt. Dave Perry is in command of the case, homicide Det.-Sgt. Gerry Cashman appeared last night at the Finch Ave.-Hwy. 404 area home."
"Conference Board economist Ken Goldstein said the improved reading ""finally points to a recovery, almost a year and a half after the end of the recession."
"Two CIA operatives have been killed in an ambush in Afghanistan, the CIA said yesterday."
"Quattrone, 47, was highly influential working in the Palo Alto office of Credit Suisse First Boston during the tech bubble."
"The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 11.22 points, or 1.13 percent, at 1,007.19."
Material from the Associated Press supplemented this report.
Undersecretary-General for Peacekeeping Jean-Marie Guehenno urged member states contributing police and soldiers to U.N. peacekeeping operations to provide more women.
But he said labor wanted other senators to increase the value of awards proposed by Hatch and create a mechanism to ensure the fund remains solvent.
Gov. Linda Lingle and other dignitaries are scheduled to be at the base to watch the launch.
"Shirley Hazzard and Edward P. Jones, both of whom needed more than a decade to complete their current novels, were also among the fiction finalists announced Wednesday."
"He added that the decision will ""throw a monkey wrench into the FCC's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy."""
"Morgan Stanley raised its rating on the company to ""overweight"" from ""equal-weight,"" saying the beverage maker's pricing power with bottlers should improve in 2004."
The stalemate involved less than 1 percent of the budget and had little to do with policy but everything to do with politics.
"Tomorrow the book, kept under wraps by G. P. Putnam's Sons since its inception, will appear in bookstores."
Investigators conducted DNA tests on the stains and ran the results through a national database last month.
"It is reminiscent of the communication troubles that have dogged the ECB in the past, said Ken Wattret of BNP Paribas."
"The gunman, 26-year-old Harold Kilpatrick jnr, had left a note saying he ""wanted to kill some people and die today""."
"Microsoft will stop developing versions of its Internet Explorer browser software for Macintosh computers, saying that Apple's Safari is now all that Apple needs."
"It has been well documented over 12 years of lies and deception from Saddam."""
"This deal makes good sense for both companies, said Brian L. Halla, National's chairman, president and CEO."
"As executive vice president of new ventures, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, EMC's president and chief executive."
"I don't even worry about that anymore, the 38-year-old center fielder said."
"Last week, former chief financial officer Franklyn Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy and agreed to cooperate with the government's investigation."
"We are electing a president of the United States, not a staff, Kerry said."
"We condemn this raid which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable, London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters by telephone."
"In response to sluggish sales, Cisco pared spending."
"The Group of Seven nations, meanwhile, also saw some improvement, with the leading indicator rising to 119.1, from April's 118.2."
"Frank Partnoy, a securities-law professor at the University of San Diego School of Law, said the case suggests Merrill Lynch's oversight and control of its executives was inadequate."
The DHWG says it will instead create a format that can be used by all devices but can accommodate other formats.
"Besides Japan he will visit the Philippines, Thailand, Singapore, Indonesia and Australia before returning home on Oct. 24."
"The Sonoma was later found near the Tacoma Cemetery, south of the Tacoma Mall."
"With Internet usage and broadband adoption continuing to escalate, Stuart says, ""marketers are throwing their weight and dollars behind interactive advertising."""
"It also required that existing televisions, VCRs, DVD players and related equipment will remain fully functional under the new broadcast flag system."
"By skirting the FDA's oversight, Eagan said the quality of the imported drugs is ""less predictable"" than U.S. drugs."
We'll be listening carefully to the (IAEA) director-general's report at the next board meeting.
"New York City will collect an estimated $182.5 million in tax revenue from the 2003 bonuses, compared with the $125.4 million it collected in 2002."
"The Conference Board said its measure of business confidence, which had fallen to 53 in the first quarter of 2003, improved to 60 in the most recent second quarter."
The Harrisons’ lawyer Paul LiCalsi said: “I’ve never heard of more reprehensible behaviour by a doctor.
"On Tuesday, Blair suggested that only ""evidence of weapons programs"" rather than the weapons themselves would be uncovered."
Changes in air pollution rules would be up to the Environmental Protection Agency.
"Since March 11, when the market's major indices were at their lowest levels since hitting multi-year lows in October, the tech-laden Nasdaq has climbed nearly 20 per cent."
But an earnings per share of 22 cents was slightly better than analysts' estimates of 19 cents a share and more than double what Ford had predicted in April.
"Copps, one of two Democrats on the five-member commission, has pushed for harsher penalties against radio and television stations that violate indecency laws."
The euro has slipped as much as four cents since matching a record peak near $1.1935 last week and hitting a record high of 140.90 yen in late May.
"Under state policy, DeVries was to be returned to San Jose, where he was last convicted."
"Muslim immigrants have used the networks _ which rely on wire transfers, couriers and overnight mail _ to send stashes of cash overseas to their families."
"Peck, who was 87, died peacefully at his Los Angeles home last Thursday with his French-born wife of 48 years, Veronique, at his side."
She leaves her birdie putt some three feet short but drops her par putt.
Xerox itself previously paid a $10-million penalty to settle the SEC accusations.
"Treasury prices gained for the third day in a row, pushing the 10-year note yield down to 4.35 percent from 4.36 percent late Monday."
Andrew Cuomo and Kerry Kennedy were married 13 years.
"The test, conducted by UCLA and UC Riverside, was paid for with $450,000 from the ARB."
Connolly said FBI agents in San Diego and abroad spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi.
"Without reform, ""the scene is set for another accident"", the report warned."
British military police have also been taking statements from 30 of the women who have made the allegations.
Happy Family has ex-Night Court star Larroquette and Christine Baranski as a couple with grown children who won't leave their lives.
"Branson said that his preference would be to operate a fully commercial service on routes to New York, Barbados and Dubai."
"Intel on Wednesday unveiled its next-generation processor for cell phones, PDAs, and other wireless devices."
Police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday when his jet made a refueling stop in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk.
The information was first printed yesterday in the New York Times.
"The president began his speech by acknowledging the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people, including seven Americans."
"Manuals produced by only six states _ Arkansas, Michigan, Minnesota, New Jersey, Virginia and Wisconsin _ now have such sections."
"Wyeth estimates that 1,2 million women are still taking Prempro pills, down from about 3,4 million before the WHI study was halted last year."
"At the United Nations, the United States and Britain are seeking backing for their agenda to hand over power to Iraqis."
"Mayor Bloomberg said the ""behavior of the people in question was a disgrace and totally inappropriate for city employees."""
"Only one of the five buildings in the compound in Baghdad run by the UN Development Program, escaped being burned, the UN said on its Web site."
"Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the nation's largest private employer, will now include gays and lesbians in its anti-discrimination policy, company officials said Wednesday."
"They frequently tortured and shot prisoners, severing ears and scalps for souvenirs."
"Asked if he felt any regret about theOctober 12 attack, the answer was an adamant ""no""."
"One man had brandished an English-Turkish dictionary and pointed to the word ""refugee""."
"Shares of the company, the second-largest U.S. coal producer behind Peabody Energy Corp. (BTU), were up more than 3 percent at midday."
"Baker called a pregame meeting, believing the the corked-bat episode had distracted the team."
"He said a man in the seventh row in a ""brown suit raced past me with his hands raised in the air"" armed with sharp stakes."
"DeVries, who was voluntarily castrated in August 2001, has said the surgery took away his ability to become sexually aroused."
Microsoft Monday released the second in a planned series of Solution Accelerators for its Office product lineup.
Sweeney was to outline plans for the campaign in a speech on Saturday night at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.
"From 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy."
"Conway called the move ""atrociously bad behaviour from a company with a history of atrociously bad behaviour."""
"Wal-Mart has told its top 100 suppliers that they'll need to have radio-frequency ID systems in place for tracking pallets of goods through the supply chain by Jan. 25, 2005."
Washington only agreed to let the U.N. mission into Iraq after repeated warnings by IAEA chief Mohamed ElBaradei.
U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell on Friday designated Chechen rebel leader Shamil Basayev a threat to the security of the United States and to U.S. citizens.
"InterActiveCorp's shares closed at $34.19, down $2.81, or 7.6 percent on the Nasdaq Stock Market."
"Tibco's chief marketing officer George Ahn said: ""Rendezvous has been a Tibco mark for many years and is one of our flagship products."
"The security hole was detected into the section of RPC that deals with message exchange over TCP/IP, Microsoft explained."
"Toll last week offered to buy the company for NZ75c a share, or $NZ158 million."
"We think this planet formed with its star 12.713 billion years ago, when the [Milky Way] galaxy was . . . just in the process of forming."
"The company will begin adding to Perot Systems' profits immediately, the company said."
Wittig resigned in late November about two weeks after being indicted on bank fraud charges in a real estate case unrelated to the company.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said there were 19 reported cases of measles in the United States in 2002.
"It was a great shock, said Mohcine Douali, who lives in central Algiers."
"Wi-Fi will continue to grow: The number of public Wi-Fi hot spots will grow from the current 50,000, to 85,000 by the end of the year, IDC said."
"At the center of the petition is a 6000 series aluminum alloy rolled plate that is used for general-purpose engineering, tooling and die applications."
"Of those who signed the letter, 57 are senators, including 24 Republicans."
"At least 150 people are scheduled to testify at the hearings next week, with experts and activists lining up on both sides."
"Buyers can now choose a Windows- and Office-loaded desktop for 12,390 baht (US$298), excluding taxes, the report said."
"The reductions are expected to save Texas consumers $510 million, and most policyholders will see reductions, said Robert Black, an Insurance Department spokesman."
"We have found the smoking gun, said Hubbard, director of NASA's Ames Research Center in California."
"The committee will define the role of the interim chairman and recommend an individual to fill that role, said Carl McCall, the lead director of the NYSE board."
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) were likely to be in the spotlight.
"A number of witnesses have told the court Bashir heads Jemaah Islamiah, accused of wanting an Islamic state in the region."
The deal is expected to close later this month.
"What this allows us to do is have a crossover that is much more fuel- efficient, aimed at young families, Mr. Cowger said."
"The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> slipped 44.32 points, or 0.48 percent, to 9,240.25."
"For example, Anhalt said, children typically treat a 20-ounce soda bottle as one serving, although it actually contains 2 ½ 8-ounce servings."
"U.S. corporate bond yield spreads ended mostly tighter amid slumping Treasuries on Tuesday, while bonds of tobacco firms widened significantly after an adverse legal ruling on Philip Morris USA."
One of the defining and well-studied characteristics of temperament is how people react to novelty.
"Years later, Cuba refused permission for her to attend her father's funeral."
Team President Ken Sawyer said yesterday that Lemieux has not spoken to him about selling his interest in the Penguins or about playing for another team.
The high court will hear arguments today on whether companies can be sued under the ADA for refusing to rehire rehabilitated drug users.
"The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX shed 0.17 of a point, or just 0.02 percent, to 934."
Only a big surge in consumer confidence has interrupted the bleak economic news.
"Of those, 14 were passengers sitting within four seats of the SARS patient and two were flight attendants, Ryan said."
"In addition, Hambali laments, ""all the group's savings have been lost to raids and arrests,"" and ""JI is now totally dependent on al-Qaeda for money."""
"And because it is so far out in international water, salvage company Odyssey Marine Exploration doesn't have to share the wealth with coastal state governments."
"Cruz came to the United States in 1960, a year after Fidel Castro overthrew a dictatorship and installed a Communist government."
"The International Atomic Energy Agency asked for information on the uranium assertions after London's dossier was published, but Britain did not provide any, U.N. officials said."
"According to Central Command's initial reports, the attackers fired from a mosque in the city."
"On-demand movie distribution will generate $1.4 billion by 2005, and revenue from DVDs and tapes will decline 8 percent, Forrester predicted."
"Elsewhere, European stocks slipped from their highs but stayed within a few points of year highs."
"The single currency rose as far as 135.26 yen , its highest level since the introduction of the single currency in January 1999."
"Lao officials on Friday called on France, its former colonial ruler, to help the country find an alternative investor to replace EdF."
Grant Thornton claims that it too was the “victim” of a fraud.
"She should be ashamed of herself for playing politics with this important issue, said state budget division spokesman Andrew Rush."
"He said the local organized crime police were investigating a suspect, but he would not say if it was Ciobanu."
"They also are reshaping the retail-business relationship, as companies take away concepts and practices that change how they do business internally and with others."
"After serving as a marine in World War II, he began submitting articles to magazines."
He was arrested less than 1km from where he allegedly kidnapped Jennette Tamayo after beating her mother and brother.
Xerox shares rose 2 cents to close at $11.45 on the New York Stock Exchange.
"The Saint Sophia Camp hosts religious retreats for children during the summer months as well as other events year round, according to its Web site."
"At least two female patients sharing a room and 10 nurses now have fevers or other symptoms, and about 100 of their contacts have been quarantined."
"The most recent recession was short and shallow relative to the nine others, averaging 11 months, that occurred since World War II."
"The plan is expected be disclosed Monday morning at Tech Ed 2003 during a keynote by Paul Flessner, senior vice president of Microsoft's Server Platform Division."
"At 12 months, there was still a difference between the groups, but it was not considered significant."
"The huge bottom line loss stemmed from a 1.5 billion-pound asset writedown, on top of a 3.5 billion first-half charge."
President Bush signed a waiver exempting 22 countries because they had signed but not yet ratified immunity agreements.
He is charged in three bombings in Atlanta - including a blast at the 1996 Olympics - along with the bombing in Alabama.
"If Mrs Clinton does decide to contest the 2008 election, she cannot announce her candidacy before 2006, which is when she faces re-election for the Senate."
Recall proponents say they have turned in nearly twice the number of necessary signatures.
Dancing was the only physical activity associated with a lower risk of dementia.
"In the earlier survey, 63 percent of home broadband users had cable modems, compared with 34 percent who connected with DSL technology."
"Late Friday evening, forecasters said Erika was 130 miles east of Brownsville and tracking due west at 21 mph with sustained winds of about 70 mph."
"Instead of Ragusa's remains, his family will bury a vial of blood he had donated to a bone marrow center."
"Peterson, 30, is awaiting trial on two counts of murder for the deaths of his wife, Laci, and their unborn son."
"Revenue in the second quarter ended June 29 was $645 million, up from $600 million a year ago."
The spacecraft is scheduled to blast off between next Wednesday and Friday from a launching site in the Gobi Desert.
"Because of the holidays, CDC is not releasing data from the period since Dec. 27 until today."
"According to an arrest warrant, Bryant, 24, attacked a woman on June 30."
"But the yen's gains were capped by wariness about Japanese intervention, with some traders reporting irregular bids around 118 yen that could be from the Bank of Japan."
"Turner said he transferred 10 million additional shares to a charitable trust, which also liquidated them."
"The lawsuit names Shelley, a Democrat, and registrars in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties."
"The men were flown to nearby Botswana on an Air Malawi flight, the officials said."
Troy faces life in prison without parole at his July 30 sentencing.
"The two leaders said inter-Korean exchanges would be ""conducted in light of developments on the North Korean nuclear issue""."
"Berry repeated that performance with his second wife, whom he married and divorced twice (most recently in 1991)."
"An ad agency employee gave the copy to a friend, who passed the movie to Gonzalez, prosecutors said."
"Instead, they fear the conference is an attempt by corporate farming and biotech interests to push into new markets."
"State police Lt. Timothy Doyle said Hackett and Rossignol did not know each other, and that Hackett had no connection to the college."
One of the features is the ability to delete data on a handheld device if a user loses or locks down the device.
He also noted that Tenet has provided the committee with 19 volumes of documents on prewar intelligence which has been made available to House members.
"In 1969, Ms. McCorvey's attorneys filed suit against Dallas County District Attorney Henry Wade challenging the state's abortion laws."
"The latest toll given by officials to state media was 643 dead and over 4,600 injured."
"If he is successful in reaching a so-called ""hudna,"" he will hold more talks with Sharon, their third one-on-one in a month."
"Mr Bolland said: ""I was astonished at Sir Michael's question."
Moore of Alabama says he will appeal his case to the nation's highest court.
It also indicates the terrorists really don't care who they attack.
"Rush is the only witness to the wheelhouse events who has spoken with investigators, Weinshall said."
"We are very pleased with the judge's decision, Merrill said yesterday."
"Another is investor disenchantment with U.S. investments, leading them to pull out of U.S. assets--selling dollars as they do so, and driving its exchange rate down."
Half the women received a daily tablet of the combination oestrogen plus progestin while the rest were given a placebo.
"U.S. officials did not say whether American forces, who were acting on intelligence, crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian guards were involved."
He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas.
It is also the first time in history that five films grossed more than $20 million each in one weekend.
"The S&P rose 13.78, or 1.5 percent, to 930.08, the best level since Jan. 14."
"Canada will not consider sending more troops to Afghanistan until its current 12-month peacekeeping mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said Saturday."
"But PeopleSoft said the new deal should add to its 2004 earnings, excluding amortization and other items."
Durst's attorneys contend their client accidentally shot Black in the face as they struggled for a gun after Black illegally entered his apartment.
The defeat of the ninth seed Daniela Hantuchova on Wednesday was the only thing to disrupt the otherwise orderly second-round progress in the Serena Williams half of the women's draw.
"Prosecutors allege that Nichols and coconspirator Timothy McVeigh worked together to prepare a 4,000-pound fuel-and-fertilizer bomb that destroyed the Murrah building."
"Florida's primary will be March 9, after 28 states' primaries or caucuses."
Stevens said that the drug manufacturers had not shown why the plan should be prevented from taking effect.
"The company had announced in January that it would have to restate earnings for 2002, 2001 and perhaps 2000."
The United States and Russia spent billions on a dozen or so robotic craft meant to land on Mars and radio back their findings.
"Five foreign embassies in Bangkok, including the Singapore embassy, were among those targeted."
"The teen was in surgery at Sacred Heart Medical Center, and the extent of his injuries was not available, Bragdon said."
"Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chip-set."""
"If the company did not turn in the results before the end of May, it was likely to be delisted, an SFC official said."
"Eurex said ""the vast majority"" of trades on Eurex US would be priced at 20 cents per contract or less depending on ""participation in incentive schemes""."
News of the Hebron incident filtered out as Mr Sharon was facing the hardline central committee of his Likud Party in Jerusalem.
"Last year, Thompson ruled that the monument was an unconstitutional endorsement of religion by the state."
The findings are being published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine.
"We started our investigation of the child porn ring last year in August and soon realised that it was a big thing, Mr Beer told a packed press conference."
"He told ""Today"" that authorities, as part of protocol, were talking with other children Cruz had had access to."
"The island reported another 35 probable cases yesterday, taking its total to 418."
"Steve Squyres, a Cornell University scientist, is principal investigator for the missions' science instruments."
"Quattrone is accused of attempting to obstruct justice by endorsing that e-mail, which encouraged co-workers to destroy files on profitable investment banking deals."
"JetBlue shares fell $1.86, or 5.4 percent, to $32.75 in late morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market after the deal was announced."
"In Nigeria alone, the report estimated that between 100,000 and 1 million girls and women are suffering from the condition."
"It would be especially cumbersome for restaurants that change their menus daily, she said."
"DUBAI, SEPTEMBER 23:  The world economic leaders hailed on Tuesday signs of a global revival but agreed it had to be handled with care to prevent any setback."
"The three men charged with terrorism have been identified as Abdul Azi Haji Thiming and Muhammad Jalaludin Mading of Thailand, and Esam Mohammed Khidr Ali of Egypt."
"But Gordon emphasized that the legislation he introduced last week is ""a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral (Harold) Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation."""
"In 2002, spending on inpatient hospital care grew by 6.8 percent and that on outpatient hospital care by 14.6 percent."
Girolami ordered the records conditionally sealed May 15 at the request of prosecution and defense attorneys.
"A charter plane crashed in Turkey on Monday, killing all 75 people aboard, including 62 Spanish peacekeepers returning from Afghanistan, officials said."
"However, he said, The reasons behind the increase in incidence are more complex and were just beginning to understand the risk factors."
Ten police officers were facing disciplinary action today after they abandoned their street patrol to go and watch the American illusionist David Blaine.
"They added that decisions have been made about how many troops will be moved, where they will come from, or where they will end up."
"Westfield also will continue discussions over the other co-owned centres, such as Knox City in Melbourne, where Deutsche Bank owns a 50 per cent stake."
"Lee, 33, said the girl had dragged the food, toys and other things into her mother's bedroom."
"Since October 2001, American has laid off 6,149 flight attendants, according to George Price, a union spokesman."
"Muslim guerrillas attacked a town and took hostages Sunday as they withdrew from fighting that killed at least three people, the military and rebels said."
LLEYTON Hewitt yesterday traded his tennis racquet for his first sporting passion – Australian rules football – as the world champion relaxed ahead of his Wimbledon defence.
"Bashir also felt he was being tried by opinion rather than facts of law, he added."
"Only two other countries, the Dominican Republic and Germany, publicly expressed reservations about the treaty, and Germany has since said it will support the pact."
"For now, the company's management appears to be standing behind Stewart."
"Meanwhile, Funny Cide's trainer, Barclay Tagg, called the allegations ""ridiculous."""
Analysts also said they were disappointed by the company's $68 million pre-tax charge for weather-related and overhead costs on its Polar Tanker crude oil tanker program.
Lee said he reached Scott on his cell phone and they talked for a couple minutes between noon and 2 p.m. on Dec. 24.
"Samudra, 33, a textile salesman, is also charged with a series of church bombings across Indonesia on Christmas Eve, 2000, when 19 people were killed."
A cul-de-sac with homes burned to their foundations was visible from above.
"Rowell, 57, was out of state helping his wife's daughter move when the tragedy occurred, friends said."
"Ryan Harvey, a high school outfielder from Florida, was chosen sixth by the Cubs."
"Bush is spending the weekend at his Crawford ranch, where he will play host to Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi."
Nations like Israel and Australia already have such status.
"Global Crossing wants documents related to the regulatory-approval process and information on XO Chief Executive Carl J. Grivner, who used to be Global Crossing&apos;s chief operating officer."
"Bush said in a statement that he ordered the U.S. Treasury Department to act following Tuesday's suicide bombing attack in Jerusalem, which killed 20 people."
The vulnerability exists in the way Microsoft's Visual Basic for Applications checks document properties passed to it when a document is opened.
"Today, the experts will perform the United States' first simultaneous release of five whales from a single stranding incident."
"As of now, they are not supposed to wear anything on their heads but a NYC transit depot logo cap, Baldeo said."
"It's almost as if they (Russians) hit an x-mark on the ground."""
"His wife Yekaterina Dmitriyeva, whom he married in a first ever space wedding by a space phone during his daunting mission, was waiting for him in Moscow."
"Sen. Patrick Leahy, the committee's senior Democrat, later said the problem is serious but called Hatch's idea too drastic a remedy to be considered."
Salesforce.com rents software that helps corporate sales people track customer accounts and sales leads.
"Simply put, shy invividuals tend to be more timid with new people and situations."
She was the only woman employed as a warehouse worker and heavy equipment operator and the only woman in her Teamsters local.
"This is a good day for America's farmers, said Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, in reaction to the administration announcement."
The group said it is not taking a position on whether Davis should be recalled and will not endorse a replacement candidate.
"U.S. District Judge William M. Hoeveler's removal by his superior was a victory for U.S. Sugar Corp., which led the fight against Hoeveler."
Some current and former ferry employees have said those rules were often ignored.
They said some of the documents were administrative paper work and some about a failed and well-known uranium-enrichment program of the 1980s.
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.
The IRS said taxpayers can avoid problems with lost or stolen refunds by having refunds deposited directly into personal checking or savings accounts.
He said the Government still did not know the real reason the original Saudi buyer pulled out on August 21.
"The remaining 1,557 genes are believed to be all functional."
"Indeed, Wolfowitz admitted Saturday that neither military action nor ""large scale bribery"" would solve the issue."
"We feel so strongly about this issue that we are suspending sales and distribution of SCO Linux until these issues are resolved."""
"Instead of being reprimanded by court security officers, a senior policeman smiled and shook Mr Lacsynski's hand and patted him on the shoulder."
"The Rev. Christopher Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, did not immediately return several calls seeking comment."
"That comes as Alba is lifting its aluminium output by 307,000 tonnes a year and accelerating plans for another 307,000 tonnes-a-year increase."
"For those who got surgery alone, median survival was 41 months."
"If so, Powell said, he's calling the president ludicrous, too."
"Meanwhile, the main subject of oil market debate, Iraq, will not send a delegation, an issue that has rankled Iraqi officials."
"Dynes has been at UC San Diego since 1991 after spending 22 years with AT&T Bell Labs, where he worked on superconductors and other materials."
MSNBC.com first reported the CIA request on Friday.
"Sharon has said he is willing to free Dirani and Obeid because holding them will not bring back Arad, who Israel believes is held by Iran."
The representative did not return calls seeking additional comment.
"No charges have been filed in those deaths, but Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas said authorities were ""continuing to make significant progress"" in the case."
"Peterson, 31, is charged with two counts of first-degree murder in the slayings of his wife, Laci, and their unborn son, Conner."
"Gary Nicklaus, the 34-year-old son of the Golden Bear who is playing on a sponsor's exemption, birdied five of his first nine holes before shooting 69."
Comstock said several federal courts have ruled that the detentions are fully within the law.
"The name for the robot, due to be launched at 2:05 p.m. (7:05 p.m.) on Sunday, was selected from among 10,000 names submitted by U.S."
"Mr. McCall, who ran unsuccessfully for governor of New York in 2002, styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance."
"As part of a 2001 agreement to extradite them from Canada, prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty."
Lloyds TSB yesterday confirmed that it had received bids for its National Bank of New Zealand operation.
"I am never going to forget this throughout my life."""
"The company, based in King of Prussia near Philadelphia, said it could liquidate the other two chains if it cannot find a buyer for them."
"It's a recognition that we were provided faulty information, Senate Democratic Leader Tom Daschle of South Dakota told reporters."
My view is that these Al Qaeda terrorists -- and I believe it was Al Qaeda -- would prefer to have many such events.
"The overall box office soared, with the top 12 movies grossing $157.1 million, up 52 percent from a year ago."
Levi became known for ethical business practices.
"There are five ethnic Kurds, five Sunni Muslims, a Christian and a Turkoman."
"A new VPN server built into Panther Server supports Mac OS X, Windows or UNIX clients using PPTP and L2TP tunneling protocols."
State officials estimated the cost at nearly $2 billion.
Commercial releases of the 2.6 kernel by major Linux distributors still remain months away.
That state will not emerge until the interim government decides on a process to write a new constitution and to hold the first democratic elections.
The petitioners are entitled to respect for their private lives.
Sitting around in base camp knocking back cans of beer - that I don't particularly regard as mountaineering.
"Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chip-set."""
Barclays chief executive Matt Barrett also said he had advised his children never to use credit cards.
The volume of plaque in Pravachol patients' arteries rose by 3%.
"The quarterlies usually stay in stores for between six to eight weeks,"" Carney added."
Advertising and circulation revenues for Martha Stewart Living magazine have taken a hit.
"Carter, who received the Nobel Peace Prize last year, met in Tokyo yesterday with Japan's prime minister, Junichiro Koizumi."
"They did not read footnotes in a 90-page document, he said, referring to the annex."
Handspring's shareholders will receive 0.09 Palm shares (and no shares of PalmSource) for each share of Handspring common stock they own.
"South Africa's Nobel laureate Archbishop Desmond Tutu says he does not understand all the fuss about appointing a gay bishop, but he has urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate."
"That's about to change, now that the government is requiring food labels to reveal exact levels of the artery clogger."
The Bombardier and Embraer aircraft will be delivered to U.S. Airways by September 2006.
Japan's Finance Minister Masajuro Shiokawa said the yen had strengthened too much but declined to comment on whether Japan had intervened in the market to stem the yen's rise.
"The security personnel performed ``well within standards'' and the two staff aides were ``very sorry all this happened,'' Gainer said."
"Militias also attacked local U.N. offices and, according to a U.N. spokesman, had fired into crowds seeking shelter near the airport in Bunia."
"The heatwave was due to a mass of hot, dry air from the southeast, said Mario Almeida of Portugal's weather service."
"No country now opposes plans for a long-term European Council president, replacing the current rotating presidency, as well as an EU foreign minister."
"Several thousand 3rd Infantry troops, including the 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, Ga., began returning last week."
"Those with a BMI of 50 or greater, sometimes called super obesity, increased by a factor of five, from one in 2,000 to one in 400."
The seizure of the money was confirmed by a United States Treasury official assigned to work with Iraqi financial officers here to rebuild the country's banking and financial system.
"Earlier, Captain Robert Ramsey of the First Armoured Division said a truck had exploded outside the buildings at around 11am."
"Drug developer Inspire Pharmaceuticals Inc. (nasdaq: ISPH - news - people) tumbled $2.17, or 13.4 percent, to $13.98."
"The main psychologist in the Rodriguez case, Dwight Close, referred questions to an agency spokeswoman, who didn't immediately return a call."
"The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 18.06, or 0.2 per cent, at 9266.51."
"While Qureia is respected and has a history of negotiating with the Israelis, a warm welcome is not expected."
"EDS is ""in the process of responding to a subpoena and providing documents and information to the SEC,"" the company said."
"The company posted a net loss of $185 million, or 54 cents per share, in the year-earlier period, it said in a statement Wednesday."
"I am not giving any consideration to resignation,"" Shumaker said in a statement."
Juries in state and federal cases alike have also grown reluctant to impose the death penalty.
The changed national ownership limit allows a company to own TV stations reaching 45 percent of U.S. households instead of 35 percent.
"There is no conscious policy of the United States, I can assure you of this, to move the dollar at all, he said."
"Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform."
Retailers J.C. Penney Co. Inc. JCP.N and Walgreen Co. WAG.N kick things off on Monday.
"Dennehy’s family reported him missing June 19, about a week after he was last seen on the Baylor campus in Waco."
"Dan Powers, IBM vice president of grid-computing strategy, says he's not worried about off-the-shelf PC clusters threatening traditional supercomputer sales."
"Annan said terrorism would only be defeated ""if we act to solve the longstanding conflicts which generate support for it."""
"Cisco reported earnings of $987 million, or 14 cents a share, on revenue of $4.62 billion for the quarter ending in April."
The vote for mayor followed City Council elections that gave Kurds the largest block of votes on the 30-seat council.
"The risk of inflation becoming undesirably low remains the predominant concern for the foreseeable future, the policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee said."
Mattel shares were down 1.5 percent in early afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
"This is a widening and continuing investigation, which is likely to result in numerous other charges, Mr. Spitzer said yesterday at a news conference."
"Bank of America says its policies prohibit late-day trading, which is illegal."
"On Monday, Abbey trotted on stage, tail wagging, with Conway before a crowd of 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference."
I have proposed to the [IAAF] council that Drummond be excluded from the championships.
The registry was launched with $20 million from the Federal Emergency Management Agency.
"But waiting crowds filling the streets rushed the bridges soon after daylight, overrunning razor-wire barricades."
"Thus, he said, there did not have to one deadline to create the economic community."
Ms. Gelinas said only 1.5 per cent of those have been fully re-evaluated.
Brent crude for July delivery fell 38 cents to $27.45 a barrel on London's International Petroleum Exchange.
"Writing in the journal Geophysical Research Letters, Vincent's team said all of the fresh water poured out of the 20-mile-long Disraeli Fjord."
"SACRAMENTO A nationally known itinerant computer hacker faces a federal arrest warrant on a sealed federal complaint in New York, a federal defender in California said Friday."
"Early Friday, the SWAT team burst in and found Hoffine dead."
The jury asked to have Mr. Quattrone's testimony about his role in the allocation of stock offerings read to them.
"Mr. Stewart said the ring was most likely a work in progress, and that flaws, like being tied to a single server, would be eliminated over time."
"His sport utility vehicle was found June 25, abandoned without its license plates in Virginia Beach, Va."
"Huge fires in Arizona and Colorado scorched forests in areas where thinning projects had meant to reduce the fire threat, but were tied up in appeals, Bush said."
"Claudia Gonzales Herrera, an assistant attorney-general in charge of the case, said the arrests showed that Guatemala took the defence of its Mayan heritage seriously."
The two flight attendants were in a serious but stable condition last night after being rushed to the Royal Melbourne Hospital.
Mr. Kozlowski contends that the event was in large part a business function.
"We don't have new places to check, Waco public information officer Steve Anderson said."
"Microsoft's share of the low-end server software market has increased since the probe started five years ago, but the firm denied anti-competitive practices were the reason for this."
Sources in the racing industry said Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.
"Lucent shares fell 8 cents, or 4.19 percent, to $1.83 a share in morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange."
"Already, China's moves are sending ripples through the region."
General Motors Corp. posted the best-ever improvement in 2000 at 8.4 percent.
"Levant's other credits include ""The Flintstones,"" ""Jingle All the Way"" and ""Beethoven."""
They also disagree over ethanol - sacred in Iowa - and on authorizing oil and gas drilling in Alaskas wildlife refuge.
"Army Radio reported early today that hundreds of settlers converged on four outposts overnight, hoping to disrupt their evacuation."
There were fears that Heather would never have children after suffering two ectopic pregnancies and cancer of the uterus.
"They have a cell phone and everybody that has a cell phone wishes they had a better one."""
"We believe the long-term prospects for the energy sector in the UK remain attractive, Goldman said."
The purpose of the hearing is to determine whether Akbar should be court-martialled.
Members of the QVC management team hold the remaining shares.
The study results were released at a meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and also will be published in tomorrow's issue of The New England Journal of Medicine.
The new found planet is the only one known to orbit such a double-star system.
This is just the latest movement in a continuing trend toward open-source support among business application vendors.
"The MTA argued it needed to raise fares to close a two-year deficit it estimated, at different times, to be $952 million or $2.8 billion."
"The main change, said CNN president Jim Walton, was a fundamental shift in the way the network collected its news."
Mehr said police had no way of knowing who or what Kilpatrick was shooting at with the single shot.
"If the voluntary reliability standards had been complied with, we wouldn't have had a problem, Mr. Dhaliwal said."
"Lay had refused to turn over the papers, asserting his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination."
"Wal- Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations."
"The report said the agent twice called state Rep. Juan Escobar while he was with the other protesting Democrats in Ardmore, Okla."
"Windows XP 64-bit Edition for 64-Bit Extended Systems will support AMD64 technology, running natively on AMD Athlon 64 powered desktops and AMD Opteron processor-powered workstations."
The FTC asked the court Wednesday to block the ruling and filed for an appeal.
"Under the agreement, Medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006."
The decision is among the far-reaching deregulatory actions made during the Bush administration.
"Digital download sales of recorded albums and singles will be included in the album and singles sales charts, respectively."
The New Orders Index rose by 0.3 percentage points from 51.9 percent in May to 52.2 percent in June.
"In afternoon trading, Aspen's shares were off 89 cents or more than 27 percent at $2.33 per share."
The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 4.46% from 4.42% late Thursday.
"In exchange for new tax breaks, it would remove $55 billion of tax subsidies for exporters that are illegal under international trade law."
McDonald's shares rose $1.83 to close Friday at $23.89 on the New York Stock Exchange.
"Douglas Robinson, CA senior vice president, finance, will fill the position in the interim."
"Jewish and Muslim leaders objected to the proposals, which were never approved."
"Terrance's father, Terrance Cottrell Sr., told the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel on Monday that he wants everyone involved in his son's death to be held responsible."
Stewart also faces a separate investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
"From Justin to Kelly, a romance starring ""American Idol"" winner Kelly Clarkson and runner-up Justin Guarini, bombed with just $2.9 million, opening at No. 11."
"Cordiant has been a target since it lost a crucial client, Allied Domeq, in April."
"But in the first 30 seconds of the bout, family members knew it was an uneven match, Jodie Meyers, Stacy Young's sister, said."
"Ruffner, 45, does not have a lawyer on the murder charge, authorities said."
"Operating revenues were down about 1 percent to $4.55 billion, from $4.59 billion."
"Brian Halla, CEO of NatSemi, claimed the deal made sense for both companies."
"Bryant was ""interviewed and was cooperative,"" said Kim Andree, a spokeswoman for the sheriff's office."
The move to rein in the losses of the four upmarket food outlets comes as the retailer seeks to cap the cost of doing business.
"One of the FBI's key operatives, who has had a falling-out with the bureau, provided an account of the operation at a friend's closed immigration court proceeding."
"Referring to him as only ""the witness"", Amrozi accused his brother of deliberately distorting his evidence."
"Our prognosis for a continued and steady recovery is being realized and the outlook remains bright, said Greg Stuart, president and CEO of the IAB."
"Landing on an aircraft carrier doesn't make up for the loss of 2.7 million jobs in America, Kerry said."
"Cases of breast cancer in Britain have reached a record high, with the number of women diagnosed with the disease passing the 40,000 mark for the first time."
"IBM said the Rational products were also integrated with Rational PurifyPlus, which allows developers to work in Java, Visual C# and VisualBasic .Net."
"The momentum in the marketplace continues to shift in SCO's direction, said Darl McBride, SCO's president and CEO."
"Some E.P.A. staff members defended the document, saying that although pared down it would still help policy makers and the agency address the climate issue."
"A new feature dubbed FileVault, also new in Panther, secures the contents of a user's home directory with 128-bit AES encryption."
Rebels consolidated their grip on a troubled northeastern Congolese town Tuesday as residents identified at least 112 dead after a week of fighting.
"The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 64.64 points, or 0.71 percent, at 9,191.09, according to the latest available data."
Their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow.
"With 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS, South Africa has the world's highest AIDS caseload."
Officer Evans had declined written and telephone requests for an interview.
He also said there is no conscious policy by the United States to move the value of the dollar.
"Samudra, 32, is suspected of being a key figure in the al-Qaida-linked terror group Jemaah Islamiyah, which has been blamed for carrying out the bombings."
"Proposition 34, a campaign financing initiative passed by the voters in 2000, limits fund-raising and spending by candidates for governor."
"Passenger Keith Charlton, who also tackled the attacker, praised the efforts of the injured chief flight attendant."
"Without the shuttle fleet, NASA is relying on the Russian space program to rotate crew members on the International Space Station and send new supplies to the orbiting laboratory."
Ridge said that no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.
"We're asphyxiating,' '' said Sam Granato, chief of the Kingsville police."
"CELF's founding members are Hitachi, Matsushita, NEC, Philips, Samsung, Sharp, Sony, and Toshiba."
It will be distributed through major hardware store chains and local libraries and will be available on the EPA Web site: www.epa.gov.
"Goldman decided to increase its quarterly dividend to 25 cents a share from 12 cents, citing recent tax legislation as a primary factor behind the move."
"It's nasty, said JoAnn Marquis, visiting with her husband from Salem, Mass. ""After what happened here ."
Supporters asked a federal court Monday to block the removal of a Ten Commandments monument from the Alabama Judicial Building.
The readings came back at 160 on June 16 and 120 at June 23 at one of three sampling sites at Huntington Beach.
She had been critically ill since having surgery at Baptist Hospital on May 7 to replace a heart valve.
"In his new position, Dynes will earn $395,000, a significant increase over Atkinson's salary of $361,400."
The senior administration official said neither Bush nor National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice read the entire National Intelligence Estimate.
"Mrs. Boncyk's husband, Wayne, had taken the family's only car to work, so she and the children had to catch a ride with neighbors."
"If no candidate wins more than 50 percent of the vote, the top two vote-getters are headed to a runoff on June 3."
"During her two-day visit, Rocca will not meet the rebels since the United States has banned them as a ""terrorist organisation""."
"The companies say their consumers want to enjoy their content, regardless of the source, across different devices and locations in the home."
"HCA Inc. (nyse: HCA - news - people), the largest U.S. hospital chain, dropped $1.21, or 3.2 percent, to $37.14."
"Sebastian did his best to confess convincingly to a crime he didn't do in order to survive, Ms. Richardson declared."
"On Wednesday next week, Mr Bush will meet Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and new Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas in Aqaba, Jordan."
"Financial terms of the sale, which is expected to be completed by the end of August, were not disclosed."
"This sale is part of our efforts to simplify our Foodservice Products business and improve its cost structure, chairman and CEO Gary Costley said in a statement."
"Cargo carriers World Airways Inc. and North American Airlines Inc. have also applied for permission to fly to Baghdad, Mosley said."
He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas.
The idea that Tony Abbott is in some way a one-dimensional political head kicker couldn't be more wrong.
"For the same reason Dell and Gateway can get TVs, there's no reason Wal-Mart can't get computers, Baker said."
"The Dow Jones Industrial Average [$INDU] ended at session highs, gaining 64.64 points, or 0.7 percent, to 9,191.09."
Newly appointed chief executive Mark McInnes has already said that capping costs would be the number one issue David Jones would tackle as a result of the review.
The justices declined without comment to review a lower-court ruling that said doctors should be able to speak frankly with their patients.
"Like many doctors, Mr. Thomas and Mr. Tauzin say the Bush administration has the power to correct some of those flaws."
Both men are being held for investigation of administrative immigration violations.
We respectfully disagreed with Massachusetts' request for fees on the basis that they did not prevail on the vast majority of their original claims.
Their appointments increase Berkshire's board to nine from seven members.
"If Fortigel had been approved, Cellegy would have reached profitability by the second half of 2004, said Richard Juelis, chief financial officer."
"The Video Software Dealers Association said 28.2 million DVDs were rented out last week, compared to 27.3 million VHS cassettes."
"US officials say the six, like other prisoners at Guantanamo, were suspected of involvement with al-Qaeda, Afghanistan's Taliban or some other group."
A sensitive light detector then looks for the telltale blue glow.
"If necessary, I will support a constitutional amendment which would honour marriage between a man and a woman, codify that."
"Sub-indexes measuring prices, new orders, inventories and exports increased."
Police using pepper spray arrested 12 people Monday night at a march and rally by about 400 activists protesting an annual training seminar of the Law Enforcement Intelligence Unit.
"Last year, Congress passed similar, though less expensive, buyout legislation for peanut farmers to end that program that also dated from the Depression years."
"Janet Racicot heard the thud from the kitchen, where she was getting a glass of water, she said in an interview Tuesday."
A convicted killer and two other inmates cut through two fences topped with razor wire and escaped from a state prison on a busy street.
"U.S. authorities blame Osama bin Laden's al-Qaida network for the attacks, which killed 231 people, including 12 Americans."
The Department of Homeland Security announced Tuesday that it has selected three companies to continue research into ways to thwart shoulder-fired missile attacks on U.S. commercial aircraft.
Additional applications and software can be downloaded via the phone or from a PC via a USB connection.
"Experts say the delay will give Luna his best chance of reuniting with ""L"" Pod, his family, Thibault said."
"The governor said budget cuts in mental health care would cut services to 5,800 developmentally disabled Missourians."
"Television replays, though, showed the ball had touched the ground before Sangakkara's boot (262 for 4)."
IG Farben's 500 properties were valued at around 38 million euros ($43.63 million) and the firm had debts totalling some 28 million euros.
"The Midwestern center will focus on diagnosis, treatment and vaccines for anthrax, botulism, tularemia, hemorrhagic fever viruses and plague."
"The case has been ready to go for some time, said Dahle, a spokesman for the Birmingham office."
"Voters in Cleveland Heights, Ohio, were asked to decide whether to allow same-sex couples - and also unmarried heterosexual couples - to officially register as domestic partners."
"In late-morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market, Corixa was up 74 cents, or 10%, at $7.94."
"Unless their parents submitted a written objection, students, regardless of citizenship status, would be required to participate in the pledges and moment of silence."
"Forty to 50 years ago, the ratio was about 3-to-1, Kessler said, and 10 years ago, it was about 2-to-1."
"U.S. military officials have said it could take up to two years before regular elections are held, based on experiences elsewhere in the world."
ImClone Systems and Genentech led shares of biotechnology companies higher yesterday after studies showed the medicines they are developing helped cancer patients.
"According to the company, it will be the first handset to ship with the Smartphone 2003 version of Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT)  Windows Mobile software."
"To settle the charges, Mr. Tyrer agreed to surrender $1.06 million in trading profits and $342,195 in interest."
"The auditors, for example, did not have access to church personnel files."
The picture changes slightly should New York Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton end up as the Democratic presidential candidate.
"Delta personnel at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport were scrambling all day to find alternate flights -- even on other airlines, when necessary -- to move the inconvenienced passengers."
Defense attorney William Rork said he thought Walker would ask him to appeal Parrish's ruling to a higher state court and perhaps U.S. District Court.
"As more than 100 people sentenced to death have been exonerated across the nation, other states have abridged or considered abridging the use of the death penalty."
"Max Factor cosmetics heir and fugitive rapist Andrew Luster was captured Wednesday in a nightclub at the beach resort of Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, authorities said."
"The incremental step, reported by researchers at UC San Francisco, is the latest in a decade-long effort to infect mice with the virus."
"Last week, India and Pakistan said they would hold their first diplomatic talks in two years."
But NASA has instructed space station astronauts to periodically seek shelter from the storm's effects.
"Hundreds of soldiers were involved, an apparent signal to Hamas that Israel would not limit itself to air strikes in Gaza."
"The lawsuit, filed after a 19-month investigation by the Employee Benefits Security Administration, names former Enron Chairman Kenneth Lay and former chief executive Jeff Skilling, among others."
Wall Street enjoyed a hefty rally on Tuesday as economic reports pointed to a thriving housing market and an uptick in consumer confidence.
"Instead of one long operation to separate the twins, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three, with several weeks between each."
The government says the changes are necessary if Israel is to compete successfully in the global marketplace and attract investment.
"The tour will stop in 103 cities before rallying in Washington on Oct. 1 and 2, and New York on Oct. 3 and 4."
"Both companies automate many channels, although XM has some live programming anchored by disc jockeys who can field requests, and Sirius airs live in-studio performances and interviews."
"Since posting a $3 million bond, Jackson has been keeping a low profile in Las Vegas, where he had been filming a music video."
The remains of three illegal immigrants were found Tuesday in a sweltering railroad car after fellow immigrants escaped and left their weakened companions behind.
Shares of Cellegy plunged $1.99 to $3.23 Monday on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
"In a news release Thursday, Strayhorn said this was the first time a comptroller rejected a budget."
Southwest said it had already inspected its fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional suspicious items.
"The accuser arrived at the hospital wearing panties with someone else's semen and sperm in them, not that of Mr. Bryant, correct?"
There are three suits challenging the recall still pending in federal court.
"Hines died yesterday in Los Angeles of cancer, publicist Allen Eichorn said."
"We're in a highly competitive industry where few apparel brands own and operate manufacturing facilities in North America, said Phil Marineau, the chief executive."
He faces an additional 25 years in prison on the federal charges when he is sentenced July 7.
NEW YORK -(Dow Jones)- Former star investment banker Frank Quattrone pleaded not guilty Tuesday to criminal charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.
"You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life, Limbaugh said Friday on his program."
"Among other things, Microsoft is to comment on proposed remedies in its response."
"But at the age of 15, she weighed a whopping 117kg and came to a difficult decision: it was time to try surgery."
Mr Qarase must now invite up to eight Labour Party members into cabinet.
He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again.
She said it would take an estimated three months to conduct and require the cancellation of a sub-audit of the Department of Environmental Quality.
Marshall demonstrated his preference for results over rhetoric in preparing the Civil Rights Act that was passed in November 1964.
"She said another man, 19-year-old Antowain Johnson, ""tried to go back in ... but the smoke wouldn't let him."""
"The committee would propose a replacement for the ""Robin Hood"" school finance system."
"Imam Samudra, leader of the team that carried out the bombing, was sentenced to death last month."
October heating oil ended down 0.41 cent to 70.74 cents a gallon.
Approximately 60 percent of all national advertisers do not yet advertise in Spanish.
Federal officials earlier said there is no evidence of terrorism.
"Yesterday, Mr. Romanow said it was an affront to democracy to not implement a council that so many Canadians support."
"Sergeant Randy Force, a police spokesman, said O'Brien wasn't being charged with causing the crash because the victim had been jaywalking."
"The president's campaign in 2000 set a standard for disclosure in political fund raising and the campaign will again in 2004, said Dan Ronayne, a campaign spokesman."
All five suspects were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.
"On Aug. 8, Juvenile Court Judge Robert Yeates ordered that Parker be placed in protective custody."
"Kempthorne has ''shown a distinct contempt for environmental protection,'' said Mark Longabaugh, the league's vice president for political affairs."
"Hoffa, 62, vanished on the afternoon of July 30, 1975, from a parking lot in a Detroit suburb in Oakland County."
"His sport utility vehicle was found June 25, abandoned without its license plates in Virginia Beach, Va."
He said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being the subject of medical research.
"It's happened five times in the last decade: A disaster puts this tourist town in the headlines during summer, its busiest season."
"Since Hulett dramatically expanded its shipments to the US in 2000, it has captured a significant share of the US market."
Company spokesman Jack Ferry said a search is ongoing but declined comment on its status.
The gain came as a result of fewer credit losses and lower interest rates.
"As frequently happens to a company making a major acquisition, PeopleSoft's shares dropped in Monday's trading, decreasing 87 cents to $15.52 on the Nasdaq Stock Market."
He added that prosecutors will seek the death penalty.
"We will accede to the request while we explore all of our options,"" said Russell Lewis, executive vice president of VeriSign's Naming and Directory Services Group."
Black Democratic leaders were trying to arrange a meeting with Democratic National Committee Chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs of 10 minority staffers at party headquarters.
The underground group has claimed responsibility for a series of arsons against commercial entities that members say damage the environment.
"Added to savings on the dividend, C&W's estimated lease commitments, one hurdle to its U.S. escape, fell by 600 million pounds to 1.6 billion."
"The board has appointed Trevor Fetter, who returned to the company as president last November, as acting CEO."
Galveston County District Attorney Kurt Sistrunk told Criss Wednesday his office only this week received the recordings.
"Still, Jessica Biel (formerly of the WB’s “7th Heaven”) brings an athletic intensity to the role of Leatherface’s last elusive victim."
"Kelly said Rumsfeld, in a November interview, made the unsolicited suggestion that this year's honor go to all men and women who wear the U.S. uniform."
"When the manager let him in the apartment, Brianna was in her mother's bedroom lying in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching cartoons."
Naval Academy spokesman Cmdr. Rod Gibbons said: ``Today's announcement came as a surprise.
"Westfield also will continue discussions about the other co-owned centres such as Knox City in Melbourne, half-owned by Deutsche Bank."
Atlanta's Hartsfield International Airport will be the testing site next month for a nationwide security system that will collect fingerprints and take photographs of millions of foreign visitors each year.
"I will pass on to him that Canada still remains a safe, secure and reliable supply of energy."
The exact number of passengers on the ferry was not known and may never be determined because ferry operators typically do not keep accurate passenger manifests.
"Slightly more than half of the earnings miss was due to a sales slump, with weakness was spread across the company's various geographic and end markets."
"Some people trapped in a burning high-rise building in Chicago's Loop business district frantically dialed 911 for help in escaping the smoke-filled staircases and hallways, officials said."
"The PCs are scattered across the United States, Canada and South Korea."
"Dr. Roth also said that hospital efforts to start ""fever clinics"" in parking-lot tents to keep infectious patients out of emergency rooms were ""moving along impressively."""
"Still, the FBI said in the report released Monday, the number of reported rapes rose by 4 percent and the number of murders grew by 0.8 percent."
"Late last week, sources told Reuters cable TV company Comcast Corp. CMCSA.O also was looking at buying VUE assets."
"A major British study has added to the evidence that hormone replacement therapy increases the risk of breast cancer, especially when women receive a combination of estrogen and progestin."
"Stout comes to Sprint from GE Capital, where he served as chief technology and information officer."
The push to schedule a Labor Day race at California Speedway has gained momentum since the series visited the race track for the Auto Club California 500 in April.
"The government recently added the word 'Taiwan' in English to the cover of its new passports, a move slammed by Beijing."
"No one has been killed in the recent attacks, which have continued despite serious setbacks for al-Qaeda following battles with Saudi security forces."
"Meanwhile, Hynix Semiconductors voiced strong criticism of the United States, calling its decision an ""outrageous tactic aimed at a hidden agenda."""
OPEC this week is set to pressure independent exporters to back the cartel's next supply cut to prevent the resumption of Iraqi exports undercutting oil prices.
"At least 1,752 people were ordered to evacuate their homes in the north part of Marquette about 8:45 a.m. EDT, said Steve Powers, Marquette County administrator."
"Full classes of 48 each are booked through the end of September, he said, and the agency plans to double its classes in January."
"Close also questions whether it would be worth the cost of licensing third-party software, along with Salesforce.com's rental price."
The second vulnerability is a result of IE not implementing a block on a file download dialog box.
"Maria Parrado believes her nephew, who served a 12-year prison sentence in Cuba after being arrested in Cuban waters, will be persecuted if he is sent back there."
His hatred had germinated and cemented his belief that violence was the best panacea.
"Sheriff's deputies found Ahmad in his truck after it crashed into a building at Lincolnshire and Williamsborough drives, just south of the Sacramento city limits along Franklin Boulevard."
That's one reason why I'm running to be president of the United States.
"Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to those superannuation payments irrespective of the circumstances in which he left the company, he said."
"Mr. Malik assured him that he would be considered a martyr if anything happened to him as a result of his trip, the witness said."
"It was the most serious breach of royal security since 1982 when an intruder, Michael Fagan, found his way into the Queen's bedroom at Buckingham Palace."
"Although some firms show BPO savings, vendors overstate their current offerings, McCarthy said in a statement."
The federal courts have ruled that the monument violates the constitutional ban against state-established religion.
Southwest said it completed inspections of its entire fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional items.
"He said, from a science standpoint, the city's last case was April 19, so the all clear day was actually yesterday."
"Its shares fell 4.6 percent, or $4.04, to $83.38 and was the blue-chip Dow's biggest percent loser."
Stocks have rallied sharply for more than three months in anticipation of an economic rebound in the year's second half.
"Sony Music's portfolio of products and services currently enable carriers to offer subscribers the ability to download images, ring tones, music videos and other entertainment services."
"The impact of natural-gas shortages ""will touch virtually every American,"" Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham warned yesterday."
"Symptoms include chronic diarrhoea, abdominal pain, weight loss and extreme tiredness."
"Once identified, terrorist remains are immediately removed from the so-called memorial park, a temporary refrigerated storage facility on Manhattan where the unidentified remains are stored."
"As many as 30 people were believed to be trapped inside initially, the state police said."
"At 2:25 p.m., the King County medical examiner confirmed the remains were human, Larson said."
"Peterson's lawyer, Mark Geragos, of Los Angeles, has contested the DNA evidence, saying it is unreliable."
The federal government has traditionally reimbursed urban hospitals at higher rates on the belief that medical treatment is less expensive in small cities and towns.
BlueCore3 also implements v1.2's eSCO facility to provide the basis for advanced cordless telephony applications for Bluetooth transmission.
"The Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member Communion."
"The number of households acquiring music fell from a high of 14.5 million in April to 12.7 million in May and 10.4 million in June, according to NPD."
"We're making these commitments first and foremost because we think it's the right thing to do, said Michael Mudd, spokesman for the company."
"Brian Stokes Mitchell, who stars in a revival of Man of La Mancha, Malcolm Gets from Amour and John Selya of Movin Out fill out the category."
P&G officials decided it would be wiser to split the contracts to avoid reliance on a sole contractor.
In return we expect North Korea to give up nuclear weapons.
"GlaxoSmithKline, the UK drugmaker, has said it would cut off supplies to Canadian stores shipping drugs to the US."
Ximian brings Novell unparalleled Linux expertise . . . [and strengthens] our ability to work with and leverage open source initiatives more constructively.
"Meanwhile, for people aged 60 to 69, disability declined by more than 10 percent."
He drove in another run in the fifth inning on a groundout.
"None of the casualties was Americans, said Capt. Michael Calvert, regiment spokesman."
There are some who feel like the conditions are such that they can attack us there.
"Microsoft acquired Virtual PC from its developer, Connectix, earlier this year."
"Rubbing salt in the wounds, housing starts jumped a strong 6.1 percent in May while industrial output edged up 0.1 percent, just beating forecasts of a flat outcome."
The lawsuit was filed on Friday at the US District Court for the District of Columbia.
The case consolidated multiple purported class actions filed in 2001.
"Goldman offered the shares for sale to institutional investors at $13.15 each, said the traders, who received calls from the securities firm's sales force."
"Buoyed by advice imparted by Nicklaus, Howell shot an 8-under 64 on Thursday to enter today's round with a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry."
More than 130 people have been arrested and $17 million worth of property seized in an Internet fraud sweep announced Friday by three U.S. government agencies.
"Kentucky: Republican Ernie Fletcher, a three-term House member, is battling Democratic state Attorney General Ben Chandler."
"Between July 1, 2002 and June 30, 2003, the Red Cross spent $114 million on disaster relief, while taking in only $39.5 million."
He said the prob lem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet flies again.
The year-ago numbers do not include figures from Compaq Computer.
"Any payment to investors will be delayed, potentially for years, until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved."
The agent reported his contacts to Texas law enforcement officials and told them another legislator being sought was in Ardmore.
"In dissent, Judge Gerald W. Heaney said the authorities should have allowed Mr. Singleton to be medicated without the consequence of execution."
The new products on the desktop side include the latest versions of Pylon Conduit and Pylon Pro.
"The dividend, the company's second this calendar year, is payable on Nov. 7 to shareholders of record at the close of business Oct. 17."
"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attacks, said Barbara Comstock, Ashcroft's press secretary."
"In interviews with numerous engineers, most of whom have not spoken publicly until now, the lines of discord between NASA's engineers and managers stand out in stark relief."
"She looked at her son-in-law and his relatives at times, but the two sides did not exchange words."
"Dwight Watson, 50, was convicted of making a false threat to detonate explosives and of destroying federal property."
"Zilkha conceded in a statement issued Tuesday that his group may have fallen ""a bit short."""
"News Corp. posted net profit of $275 million, or 21 cents per American Depositary Receipt, for the fiscal third quarter ended March 31."
"What's more, companies are not feeling confident enough to replace older PCs, the analyst firm said."
U.S. District Judge Florence-Marie Cooper is to consider the motions Thursday.
James Brolin and Judy Davis play Ronald and Nancy Reagan in the CBS film.
"State air regulators and three automakers have agreed to settle a lawsuit challenging the nation's toughest auto emissions program, according to a spokesman for California's air board."
"The NASA organizational culture had as much to do with this accident as the foam, the report said."
But at no stage did ONA receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah was planning to mount an operation in Bali.
"A typhoon packing record strength winds slammed into South Korea killing at least 48 people and forcing about 25,000 to flee from their homes, authorities said on Saturday."
RIM must either pay NTP the $53.7 million or post a bond with the court pending the appeal.
"The Schaumburg, Ill.-based company had scheduled its earnings report to be released on Tuesday after the close of trading."
It also indicates the terrorists really don't care who they attack.
AustMag has since asked the experienced US company Fluor to produce a detailed costing of the project but the report is still two weeks away.
PRESIDENT Yoweri Museveni has promoted Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima to Major General and named him Army Commander.
SSE shares were unchanged at 652 pence by 0835 GMT but analysts welcomed the deal.
"Senior vice president Sara Fields said the airline ""will work professionally and cooperatively with all our unions."""
The Commission has publicly said one of its goals is to ensure other producers' server software can connect to desktop computers running Windows as easily as Microsoft's can.
"Among the evidence seized by detectives was an animal skull with a nail driven through its head, which may have been used in a ""black magic"" ceremony."
The fresh air is going down fast! she screamed at Murray.
And all of the samples contained molecules that can only be produced when cholesterol interacts with ozone.
"In late morning trading, Coke shares were down 2 cents at $43.99 on the New York Stock Exchange."
"SARS has also taken a toll on Taiwan's economy, hammering consumer spending, with shops, restaurants and airports empty while people stay at home."
"The time has come to make public places smoke-free, they wrote in a letter to the Times newspaper."
Prosecutors reversed course Friday and said they support moving the murder trial of sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad out of the Washington suburbs.
"Even when the exchange detected such violations, it ""often failed to take appropriate disciplinary actions"" against individuals or firms."
Blair's office said his Foreign Secretary Jack Straw would take his place on Monday to give a statement to parliament on the EU meeting the prime minister attended last week.
The yield on the 3 percent note maturing in 2008 fell 22 basis points to 2.61 percent.
"South San Francisco, Calif.'s Genentech, the world's No. 2 biotech company, advanced 6.6 percent to $66.73."
"The dollar gained against the euro, yen and Swiss franc after September U.S. retail sales figures came in slightly weaker than consensus forecasts."
"Including convertible securities, the total estimated value of the deal is $124 million, according to Corel."
The attacks are often fuelled by a mix of tribal hatreds and a desire to spread terror in the region.
"The director of Rescue California, the group leading the recall campaign, called the lawsuit ""laughable."""
"It appears that the machine was cracked using a ptrace exploit by a local user immediately after the exploit was posted, it added."
"Holding the market back, News Corp <NCP.AX> fell two percent to A$12.34 and Brambles <BIL.AX> dropped 2.3 percent to A$4.73 after a weak performance overnight."
"A lieutenant colonel in the People's Liberation Army, Yang is the son of a teacher and an official at an agricultural firm."
Medical experts said Blair's problem was worrying but relatively common and easily manageable.
"A woman was listed in good condition at Memorial's HealthPark campus, he said."
"The largest number of arrests, about 400, were on charges of manufacturing or distributing child pornography on the Internet."
"Another person, a man from Fort Worth, Texas, also was missing."
"Her son would get upset, his mom said, but then turn around and befriend his taunters."
"The victim, who was not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital where he was pronounced dead."
"Until this site was reported, the earliest site in the Bering land bridge area was dated at about 11,000 years ago."
"There is no indication, so far, that Gehring used his card at any motel or overnight lodging, he said."
"Throughout China's mainland, the disease has killed 300 people and infected more than 5,270."
"The current plan is to release videotapes of the sessions on Friday, after the review, said Jim Landale, a tribunal spokesman."
"Mr. Bergonzi was the chief financial officer from 1995 until his departure, and was intimately involved in many of the alleged schemes to pump up Rite Aid's earnings."
The South Korean Agriculture and Forestry Ministry said it would scrap or return all Canadian beef in store.
"We intend to provide them with choices to help them run Linux in a legal and fully-paid for way."""
Grassley and Baucus said they had rejected that approach in their plan.
"Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack sat in the front row of the court, but few Balinese attended the trial."
Police met with school officials Oct. 24 and agreed to increase their presence after reports of increased violence and gang activity.
"Unifi official Rob O'Neill said: ""The gloves are off."
The two forms constitute 30 percent of the 7 million applications filed to the bureau each year.
"Pat Anderson, the lawyer representing the Schindlers, declined to comment on the filing."
"At Wednesday's summit, Abbas pledged to end the ""armed intefadeh,"" renounced ""terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be"" and alluded to the disarming of militants."
